CSP_Mid.CBF shall have a Maintenance Down Time (MDT) of less than 2 hours per year for software repairs.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall perform automatic uniformly-distributed statistical temporal load balancing of packets present on the I.S1M.SDP_CSP.001 interface, with peak packet rate at any given time, averaged over the transmission time of any 15 time-contiguous packets, less than 125% of the packet rate averaged over at least 10 seconds.
 Each box end end blast station paddle lift shall lift the pipe off of the fixed pipe stop and the pipe shall roll against the stop on the paddle lift. 
 Each pipe shall be transferred into the box end end blast station. 
 Each of the vrollers shall be used on many station to transfer a pipe towards an operator for manual inspection or applying pipe dope. 
When commanded, for each subarray independently, CSP_Mid.CBF shall auto-determine and auto-set all internal correlation and beamforming gains and levels, determined over a commanded period of time, and subsequently applied.
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment, while in its storage packaging, shall withstand, and shall operate to specification as defined
herein after exposure to, the storage environmental conditions as defined in “Class 1.1: Weather protected, partly temperature- controlled storage locations” of the ETSI EN 300 019-1-1 standard and defined in BS EN IEC 60721-3-1.
 Climatic Conditions: 1K3
 Biological Conditions: 1B2
 Chemical conditions: 1C2
 Dust and Sand conditions: 1S2
 Shock & Vibration Conditions: 1M2
Supplier is to include as an option to the base bid field services as defined herein: Installation support and supervision services for a duration of four (4) weeks by (2) shifts A work week shall consist of 6 days A shift shall consist of 12 continuous hours Costs shall include travel expenses for two (2) round trips to and from the site, and per diem The Supplier shall also provide a per day cost for extension of services.
 Each pipe shall undergo end blast while rotating. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall, independently for each VLBI subarray in each Frequency Slice Processor configured for VLBI, change the source Frequency Slice of each VLBI beam and/or the center frequency of any derived beam-channel with at least 0.01 MHz tuning resolution.
If the request includes "content=all" (analogous to a batch retrieval of /oic/res in the proximal network) then the response payload shall be as defined for "content=base" with the exception that instead of an array of Links to the hosted Resources, the response payload shall include an array of the representations of the Resources themselves that are exposed for each Device that is available. This is illustrated in the examples provided for the Device API in Annex B. See also the definition of a batch response in ISO/IEC 30118-1
Major equipment items supplied by the Supplier shall be fitted with a securely mounted stainless steel nameplate displaying the following information: Manufacturer's name and address.
equipment shall detect omitted upstream processing operations.
 FAT criteria shall consist of dimensional verification of equipment. 
The total signal transport data rate per SKA_MID Dish shall fit within 100GBASE-SR4 (IEEE 802.3bj-2014) transport capacity realized in Layer 2 payloads.
Restrict operation of vehicles or equipment on the treated course for a
minimum 7-day cure period after final finish rolling. Unless the contract specifies an asphalt
curing seal, keep the surface lightly moistened during the curing period to prevent drying.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall configure its processing resources such that:
1. Sampled signals for any Band are divided into multiple identical Frequency Slices located within the processed bandwidth of any Band, and with Frequency Slice processed bandwidth independent of the Band.
2. Any Frequency Slice -- or, for Pulsar Search, Search Window -- from any Band for all SKA1_Mid receptors, is processed in one or more Frequency Slice Processors, each of which may be configured for any one of the following "Function Modes" at any one time:
1. Correlation, for up to at least 16 sub-arrays independently, each sub-array producing zoom or non-zoom visibilities,
2. Pulsar Timing beamforming, for up to at least 16 sub-arrays independently, internally producing Pulsar Timing beams for subsequent Pulsar Timing processing.
3. Pulsar Search beamforming, for up to at least 16 sub-arrays independently, internally producing Pulsar Search beams for subsequent Pulsar Search processing or,
4. VLBI, for up to at least 4 VLBI sub-arrays independently, concurrently producing VLBI beams and visibilities in support of VLBI.
Under precision and standard operating conditions the passband gain of each SKA1_Mid dish, within the -3 dB contour of the co-polarized Jones pattern, shall not deviate by more than the following from a linear fit over fractional bandwidths of 0.1%:
1) 0.16% over SPF band 1 
2) 0.21% over SPF band 2 
3) 0.25% over SPF band 3 
4) 0.29% over SPF band 4 
5) 0.34% over SPF band 5a 
6) 0.41% over SPF band 5b
The Supplier of the new Line 3 Creel Assembly shall be required to coordinate and communicate with the Supplier of the Line 3 Automated Creel Loading System to ensure proper system interface The supplier of the Line 3 Automated Creel Loading System will be leading the coordination efforts.
Test and support equipment shall not require re-calibration in periods shorter than 12 months.
The Dish shall identify all internal faults down to LRU level as defined through the LSA process.
{not compliant to L1}
The Supplier shall provide approval drawings to the Purchaser before fabricating any equipment Written approval by the Purchaser of the drawings, in conjunction with the purchase order, constitutes authorization by the Purchaser for the Supplier to purchase and fabricate the equipment.
The SKA1_Mid dishes shall maintain pointing to the accuracy of R.D.P.2 with a single pointing model per band, regardless of the number of feed indexing cycles.
 Confirmation of quoted delivery shall be reassessed at the time of order receipt for orders received thirty days after date of this proposal. 
 Each box end threading inspection station shall have an automatic adjustable pipe stop. 
A Unicode code point or Unicode code point sequence that is specified with a notation that uses Unicode scalar values, substituting the "U+" prefix with a "u" prefix, such as "u4E00" for U+4E00

When commanded, independently for each subarray within each Frequency Slice Processor configured for the Correlation function, CSP_Mid.CBF shall produce zoom visibilities from Zoom Window processed bandwidths of 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 1/16, 1/32, or 1/64 of its Frequency Slice processed bandwidth, with at least 0.01 MHz Zoom Window center frequency tuning resolution.
 Each pipe shall be lifted off of the fixed pipe stop and lowered onto the box end drift and threading protector station vrollers by paddle lift. 
The steel shall conform to the requirements as to chemical composition prescribed in Table 1. Product analysis tolerances shall conform to the Product Analysis Tolerances shown in Specification A781/A781M or Specification A957/ A957M. When residual element chemical content is of interest to the purchaser, S54 may be considered
The results of all tests, including retests, shall be posted in permanent record, which shall state any abnormali_x0002_ties observed during the test and in the fractured ends. Such records shall be kept for at least one year after shipment of the production castings and shall be available for examination by the purchaser or by his authorized representative
Major equipment items supplied by the Supplier shall be fitted with a securely mounted stainless steel nameplate displaying the following information: Manufacturerís model and type number.
Tension test results, obtained in accordance with the above subsections, must conform to the values of Table 1 for acceptance under this specification except as provided in 7.4.3
The total per-receptor RMS Tracking Stability Error under Degraded Operating Conditions, maintained while tracking a celestial target anywhere within the full performance pointing range over a time interval of 1000 seconds, shall be <= 9.2 arcsec RMS.
 Each box end end blast station frame shall be constructed of welded structural members. 
all tooling and fixtures that contacts the product shall be supplied in an approved format to pierburg inc in both dimensioned 2-d and modeled 3d files.
The sensitivity of a SKA1_Mid dish shall not be less than the following compared to that which is specified in R.M.P.1, at any pointing angle over the full accessible elevation range, under precision and standard operating conditions, and when calculated as an average over any 1 MHz interval over the specified frequency range in both polarization channels: 75% for SPF band 3.
When commanded, for each subarray, CSP_Mid.CBF shall separately measure the power of each receptor sample stream for the noise diode ON signal condition and the noise diode OFF signal condition, with the ON/OFF state conveyed to the CSP_Mid.CBF exclusively using the method defined in the DISH to CSP ICD.
 Each threading line shall have two Allen Bradley ten inch touchscreen HMIs. 
The interface between CSP_Mid.CBF and CSP_Mid.LMC shall be compliant with the SKA1 CSP LMC to CSP Sub-elements Interface Control Document [SKA-TEL-CSP-0000019].
CSP_Mid.CBF shall use the transport protocol defined in the MID CSP to VLBI ICD for transmission of VLBI beam data to external VLBI equipment.
The total per-receptor RMS Blind Pointing Error under Standard Operating Conditions and computed over the full performance pointing range shall be <= 18 arcsec RMS.
there must be a manual function to test all station lights (stack lights, good bad lights, etc.) at one time to detect for defective bulbs.
Friction loss for mortar-jointed, rubber-gasket, or cast-in-place pipelines shall be computed using Scobey’s concrete pipe equation with a coefficient of retardance Ks = 0.310 or Manning’s equation with roughness coefficient n = 0.013. For extra smooth rubber-gasket pipe, the Scobey coefficient of retardance may range up to Ks = 0.370 and the Manning’s roughness coefficient down to n = 0.011. Minor losses can be computed in accordance with current practices.
The Purchaser shall furnish the following: Foundations and anchor bolts.
 Welded Tube shall be responsible for the supply installation configuration startup and commissioning of all CNC threading machines and all auxiliary tooling and spare parts and so on. 
The Supplier shall furnish all equipment, controls, data, drawings, etc. defined in the Purchaserís documents and data including, but not limited to, the following major components: Leveling shims.
Within any Band's processed bandwidth, the visibility channel reject band envelope for CSP_Mid.CBF, from the center of either immediately adjacent channel to up to one-half of the original digitized bandwidth away, shall fall off by at least another -30 dB and thereafter shall be the same as or better than that level.
When commanded, for every Band, for each subarray independently, and identically for each baseline and polarization product including auto-correlations, CSP_Mid.CBF shall produce and deliver to the SDP up to minimum 51,180; maximum 65,536, visibility spectral channels, linearly spaced and pro-rated up to the full processed bandwidth, or any portion thereof, of the given Band.
The DSH pedestal shall have an environmental protection level of IP53 in accordance with IEC 60529 for intrusion of water and dust, as well as prevent the ingress of animals and insects.
The protocol shall be point-to-point on Data Link Layer.
 Each of the assemblies of radial rollers shall be mounted to multiple dampening pneumatic bladders to reduce rotational force effects. 
 The project shall include training. 
air system will have a main filter regulator lubricator unit at the inlet supply with 5% extra bank capacity valves for expansion.
Each SKA1_Mid dish shall provide switchable, wideband calibration signals that are injected into both polarisation channels (i.e. one signal into both channels), at the earliest possible point preceding the LNA.
The dish element shall sample the signal from only one feed at any given time.
The SKA1_Mid dishes shall provide a mechanism to adjust signal levels to trade off quantization efficiency for RFI headroom
Fabricated items with loose mill scale, rust weld splatter, slag, flux, or other foreign matter shall be removed by tool cleaning in accordance with Steel Structures Paint Council SSP-SP3.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide Pulsar Search beamforming critically- sampled channel response characteristics within the Pulsar Search beamforming bandwidth such that:
1. the passband is within +/-0.02 dB of a curve that, moving in the direction from the channel center to each channel edge, is: 0 dB (center) to -3 dB +/-0.1 dB (edge) with its first derivative negative and increasing;
2. moving in the direction from the channel edge to
the immediately adjacent channel center: -3 dB +/-0.1 dB (edge) to -40 dB, monotonically decreasing;
3. -40 dB or better elsewhere.
 Each pipe shall be lifted off of the adjustable pipe stop at the threading inspection table and be lowered onto the pin end threading station vrollers by paddle lifts. 
all e-stop pushbuttons must be colored red and surrounded by an e-stop decal.
Visibilities produced by CSP_Mid.CBF shall have an amplitude response, after application of Mid.CBF per-channel gain factors, that varies by at most +/-0.01 dB across the processed bandwidth for any Band. Note: applies to both zoom and non- zoom visibilities.
Creel Outlet: Quantity of Ends: 220 per sheet Quantity of Sheets: Two (2) sheets (top & bottom) Elevation of Sheets: Top: 2438.4 mm (8í-0î) Bottom: 1295.4 mm (4í-3î) Total Quantity Ends: 440 Sheet Width: 1.8 m (70.9 inches).
The sensitivity of a SKA1_Mid dish shall not be less than the following compared to that which is specified in R.M.P.1, at any pointing angle over the full accessible elevation range, under precision and standard operating conditions, and when calculated as an average over any 1 MHz interval over the specified frequency range in both polarization channels: 75% for SPF band 1.
equipment design shall be such that arm movements are continuous and curved and avoid straight line or jerking arm motions.
For pipe whose diameter exceeds 25 in. [635 mm] and whose diameter to wall thickness ratio, where the diameter to wall thickness ratio is the specified outside diameter divided by the nominal wall thickness, is 7.0 or less, the bend test shall be conducted. The bend test specimens shall be bent at room temperature through 180° with the inside diameter of the bend being 1 in. [25 mm] without cracking on the outside portion of the bent portion
the input image must be checked for plausibility (e.g. a cylinder can not be in home and work position at the same time).
The Dish shall configure capabilities, that represent a single fully functional frequency band at a time for operations.
 Each lift station frame shall be constructed of welded structural members. 
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment shall follow the code of practice for the application of Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) standards and guidelines in electricity utility networks.
DSH shall control its consumption of power to a level requested by TM, with levels as defined in the TM_DSH ICD.
Sufficient material shall be removed from the cast surface to ensure that the measured surface is representative
 Each threading line shall have a box end end blast station. 
accessibility for manual removal of jammed parts shall be provided to improve oee.
CSP_Mid.CBF rack and LRU equipment shall be safety certified to SANS 60950-1:2014 or equivalent in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
CSP_Mid.CBF racks shall be attached to adjacent racks in the same row to provide lateral stability in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
Prior to starting fabrication the Supplier and the Supplierís approved Sub-Suppliers shall submit the following for Purchaser approval: Welder Certifications.
PIP PCTPS001 Packaged Equipment Instrumentation Inspection and Testing Requirements Data Sheet.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall, for any Frequency Slice Processor performing the Correlation function, for each visibility channel output, calculate and output, in the format specified in the SDP to CSP ICD, a corresponding Channel Centroid Index. The Channel Centroid Index defines the flagging-qualified effective relative visibility channel center frequency over the range of -0.5 to +0.5 of its channel bandwidth.
Where the nondestructive electric test is performed, the lengths shall be marked with the letters “NDE.” The certification, where required, shall state “Nondestructive Elec_x0002_tric Tested” and shall indicate which of the tests was applied. Also, the letters “NDE” shall be appended to the product specification number and material grade shown on the certifi_x0002_cation.
The interface between CSP_Mid.CBF and CSP_Mid.PST shall be compliant with the SKA1 CSP Correlator and Beamformer to Pulsar Timing Interface Control Document [SKA-TEL-CSP- 0000250].
 Welded Tube shall be responsible for providing 480VAC drops to each machine control cabinet for each threading line and the main disconnect load shall be provided upon detailed design. 
 The seller warrants that custom software developed for your project shall operate properly under normal required use and service for a period of one year. 
 The paddle lift design shall be similar to that used in quench and temper with like components used where appropriate and the actuator shall be the same make if the electric cylinder is chosen. 
 FOB AEC dock. 
Exposed machined contact surfaces shall be coated with an easily removable rust preventative and protected against mechanical damage by a suitable cover.
 The customer shall be encouraged to assemble their internal project team and have all members attend this meeting to establish working communications and to review any critical parameters. 
All bolts, nuts, washers and other attachment hardware shall be zinc plated carbon steel.
any part of the machine must be within reach of an e-stop pushbutton.
A risk assessment shall be conducted for each item of machinery in accordance with BS EN ISO 12100.
 The powered and self centering vrollers shall continue to transfer the pipe through the chuck and into the CNC machine. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall receive One Pulse Per Second (1PPS) from SADT in accordance with the Interface
ID I.S1M.SADT_CSP.003 section of the MID SADT to CSP ICD.
All units and assemblies shall be carefully boxed and braced to prevent damage during shipment or field storage.
For castings of such size or shape that do not permit Brinell testing with the standard 3000 kgf load, the 500 kgf may be employed, the hardness number being reported as HB 10/500/15. In very unusual cases where it is impossible to use the Brinell method, the Rockwell test may be substituted, using Test Methods E18 with an appropriate Rockwell scale. Con_x0002_versions of hardness values from one method to another according to Hardness Conversion Tables E140, which does not specifically cover cast irons, are approximate only and, therefore, are generally inadvisable
Packaging sizes shall consider standard vehicle transportation as well as entry constraints imposed by doors and corridors.
The DSH shall not exhibit safety hazards in Categories I or II (ISO 45001) following an unplanned loss of main electrical power or main control functions.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall support at least one pulsar ephemeris per subarray when producing phase-binned visibilities.
The Supplier shall furnish at no charge to the Purchaser the following: Supplier to recommend spare parts list for this system.
When under CSP_Mid.LMC control, for each subarray, CSP_Mid.CBF shall change parameters which are settable by CSP_Mid.LMC, only when commanded to do so by CSP_Mid.LMC.
Salvage and stockpile topsoil before beginning earthwork operations. Place sediment controls before beginning salvage operations. Stockpile topsoil so as not to interfere with natural drainage or cause off-site sediment damage. Limit stockpile side slopes to a steepness of 2:1 (1:2).
 The vrollers of the box end pipe dope station shall transfer the pipe towards the operator for manual application of dope and coupling screw on. 
The DSH shall sustain the following duty cycle, without performance degradation, when operated under the Precision, Standard and Degraded Operating Conditions throughout the required Deployed Lifetime:
a) Continuous tracking of a celestial source moving at sidereal rate over the full Observation Envelope, interrupted by
- 7 deg (sky angle) position steps (offset and return to original position) in both axis over the full Observation Envelope repeated on average every 10 min (TBC)
- 30 deg slew in azimuth and 30 deg slew in elevation at max speed and acceleration repeated on average every 20 min (TBC)
with the total travelling distances per year of 140x10^6 degrees for both azimuth and elevation axis (TBC)
b) Change the observation frequency band on average once every 60 min with the total number of 9000 frequency band switches per year. (TBC)
fragile parts (sensors, plastic parts, plastic gears etc.) or parts touching fragile parts (e.g. gear to gear assembly) must be assembled with tooling incorporating force control (and or spring loaded mechanisms) to prevent part damage during the assembly.
When agreed upon between manufacturer and purchaser, tested specimens or unbroken test bars shall be preserved by the manufacturer for a period of three months after the date of the test report
all control panels will have 1.01.05v 5a duplex convenience outlets with standard 3-prong grounded.
all wire runs to and from electrical or electronic service enclosures and control panels will be completely concealed where possible exposed wires must have appropriate fittings on wires leaving wire runs and entering enclosures cabinets.
Equipment bearings shall be Morse ìSeal Masterî type RPB and ERPB selected for a minimum B-10 life of 150,000 hours at design loads and speed Where appropriate, the Supplier shall provide for thermal expansion and contraction of rolls and shafts by utilizing a pillow block of the ìnon-expansionî RPB type on one side of the shaft and a pillow block of the ìexpansionî ERPB type on the opposite side of the shaft.
All components, skid assemblies, and modules shall be furnished with grounding lugs in accordance with the Purchaserís documents and data.
 The seller shall disclaim all other representations and warranties of any kind whether arising by implication or by operation of law with respect to the Products including without limitation any warranties or representations as to merchantability fitness for particular purpose or any other matter. 
DSH shall provide a lightning protection earth interface to SADT equipment mounted inside the shielded drive compartment, in accordance to IEC62305 LPL III and with resistance of less than 0.2 ohm between the foundation ring and the equipment interface.
While the CSP_Mid.CBF Administrative Mode is set to ONLINE or MAINTENANCE, the CSP_Mid.CBF shall isolate more than
95% of all failures down to a LRU level.

CSP_Mid.CBF shall flag both polarizations
identically, on every tied-array input data stream independently, if either polarization of any particular data stream is flagged (i.e., marked invalid).
design of equipment shall be so arm movements pivot about the elbow rather than around the shoulder.
All equipment modules shall not exceed size limitations due to transportation and building opening size in Line 3 Creel area Minimum building opening size to be confirmed by Supplier.
All components and systems shall be metallic construction unless otherwise noted Use of PVC, CPVC, FRP and all other non-metallic materials is not acceptable.
 The project shall incorporate station vrollers. 
At the request of the purchaser, analyses of two pipes from each lot (see 20.1) shall be made by the manufacturer from the finished pipe. The results of these analyses shall be reported to the purchaser or the purchaser’s representative and shall conform to the requirements specified in Section 7
All Engineering documents and data listed in the Vendor Data Requirements Form including but not limited to the following: Complete set of Dimensioned Engineering Drawings depicting general assembly with sectional and elevation views.
The Purchaser reserves the right to review the Supplierís shaft design.
The test methods described in this section are not necessarily capable of inspecting the end portion of pipes, a condition referred to as “end effect.” The length of such end effect shall be determined by the manufacturer and, when specified in the purchase order, reported to the purchaser.
 The threading station base design shall be similar to all other stations. 
Shafting shall be designed for infinite fatigue life based on the normal tensile loads implied.
The TM shall monitor the weather and shall command the DSH to stow in either one of the following conditions:
a) Mean wind speed > TBD.
b) 3-second wind gust speed > TBD.
good parts ñ total number of good ftq parts by shift run through the station.
Steel cast in ingots or strand cast is permissible. When steels of different grades are sequentially strand cast, identifi_x0002_cation of the resultant transition material is required. The producer shall remove the transition material by any estab_x0002_lished procedure that positively separates the grades.
The observatory shall comply with all applicable local, State and national occupational health regulations and standards in force at the time. Regulations include, but are not limited to: South Africa:
Occupational Health and Safety Act, 1993, and all its regulations.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall, when configured, be capable of archiving its operational state information for up to a one week duration.
The total per-receptor Blind Pointing Error Circle diameter under Precision Operating Conditions and within the full performance pointing range shall be <= 36 arcsec.
The DSH shall receive a list of missing and in-maintenance components and shall persist this list beyond a power down-up cycle.
 The AEC shall assign a Project Manager and design team to your project. 
 If a pipe is present at the lift station at any time then the lifting mechanism shall actuate. 
 Welded Tube shall be responsible for arrangement of shipping contracting the carrier scheduling both pickup and delivery and customs clearance while AEC shall work with Welded Tube to provide customs documentation and information. 
Specifies the 48-bit value of the masked destination_address, as defined in 9.1.6.1, to be matched by the instance of the Mask-and-match Stream identification function
The CSP_Mid.CBF Network Time Protocol (NTP) interface to SADT shall be compliant with the Interface
ID I.S1M.SADT_CSP.002 section of the MID SADT to CSP ICD.
Each CSP_Mid.CBF Pulsar Search beam shall be output as power in each of all 4 Stokes parameters, each parameter being the average of a CSP_Mid.LMC-commanded integer number of adjacent temporal power samples from minimum 64 microseconds to maximum 400 microseconds, with the phase of the
averaging interval aligned across all beams within each subarray.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall report at least the following processing status:
1. Band configuration for any SKA1_Mid receptor's processing path,
2. Function Mode for any Frequency Slice Processor,
3. for each Frequency Slice Processor, the Frequency Slice or Search Window being processed for each input,
4. receptor inclusion in any receptor-vs-receptor (i.e. correlation or beamforming) processing operation and output data production and,
5. any accumulated/stored exception or inconsistency- detection conditions.
Sampling procedures and the frequency of hardness testing shall be fully detailed on the purchase agreement. Otherwise, hardness tests shall be performed at the discretion of the producer.
replacement and or maintenance of all perishable tooling shall be designed to permit ease of removal and installation utilizing minimum  tools and technical skills.
The maximum data rate for the transfer of monitoring data to facilitate the DSH_TM interface is 200kbps per SKA1_MID DSH Dish.
 Each threading line shall have two lifting station. 
 The adjustable pipe stop design shall withstand pipe shock better and shall be more robust than an off center pivoted design. 
In accordance with ISO 61310_2, machinery shall bear all markings which are necessary 
– for its unambiguous identification;
– for its safe use;
and supplementary information shall be given, as appropriate: 
– permanently on the machinery;
– in accompanying documents such as instruction handbooks; 
– on the packaging
Shafting shall be dimensioned so that the length which extends outboard of the bearing is flush with the outside edge of the bearing or locking collar In addition, keyways shall not extend to the ends of the shafts.
Construct a permeable base course of aggregate, portland cement concrete, and water mixed in
a central plant and spread and compacted on a prepared foundation.
The Creel Supplier will be required to review vendor drawings submitted by the Supplier of the Automated Creel Loading System and vice-versa This drawing review may be conducted on-site at the Toho Tenax facility in Rockwood, TN.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall apply CSP_Mid.LMC- provided per-receptor, per-channel, per-beam polarization calibration coefficients to the beamforming bandwidth before forming Pulsar Timing beams, with sufficient fidelity to suppress known cross-polarization non-idealities by at least 40 dB.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall output up to a total of 16 dual-polarization Pulsar Timing voltage beams constrained to an aggregate beam-bandwidth product of 20 GHz per polarization, spread across one or more subarrays.
A Yarn Comb for (220) ends shall be provided for each of the two (2) PAN sheets.
 Each pipe shall be transferred out of the pin end threading station and onto the transfer table towards the pin end threading inspection station. 
The Supplier's equipment and system shall be designed for maximum personnel safety including, but not limited to, the following: Drive and other equipment guards (metallic only).
Each CSP_Mid.CBF cable end shall carry an identifier that uniquely defines the connector it needs to connect to.
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment hardware failures and software errors shall not create hazardous conditions in interfacing elements and sub-elements.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall limit spectral confusion in each Pulsar Timing beam within its beamforming bandwidth to no more than -60 dB in amplitude and 0.001 radians in phase, compared to an ideal beamformer with the same inputs.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall process up to 810 MHz per polarization of contiguous RF (sky) data within the Band 2 band of interest.
 After the pipe returns from threading the vrollers shall automatically drop to allow the pipe to roll to the next station. 
 Each pipe shall be transferred into the pin end end blast station. 
The Supplier shall furnish all equipment, controls, data, drawings, etc. defined in the Purchaserís documents and data including, but not limited to, the following major components: Yarn Combs.
 Each threading line shall have a pin end high speed threading station. 
four pallet before and after all stations at 95% - 1.000% of the bottleneck cycle.
 The vrollers of the box end pipe dope station shall then return to the up position and shall be prepared to accept the next pipe. 
The Dish shall be capable of slewing in azimuth at a rate of 3 deg/sec under Precision and Standard Operating Conditions. Gradual degradation will be allowed under Degraded Operating Conditions up to a maximum of 50% under Extreme Operating Conditions.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall apply CSP_Mid.LMC- provided per-antenna, per-channel polarization calibration coefficients before forming Pulsar Search beams.
if no part tracking (i.e. pallet rf tag, etc.) is used or if the last station (packaging) includes a process (e.g. screw driving) then process failures will require an operator intervention (e.g. a reset, password, or key switch) before the failed part can be removed from the station the operator or equipment will remove non-conforming product at the point of failure to a lock box or equivalent quality device the equipment must confirm the placement of the non-confirming material in the lock box before restarting further more the control has to count each failure in order to validate the number of bad parts in the box and the number of occurred failures the lock box will have ergonomic access such as a chute or gravity conveyor no part damage is allowed and has to be considered for the design of the conveyor (opportunity for potential rework) for end of line testing stations only automated bad part handling is allowed.
Prior to starting fabrication the Supplier and the Supplierís approved Sub-Suppliers shall submit the following for Purchaser approval: Weld Procedure Qualifications.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall flag real-time (pre- visibility integration and pre-beamforming summing) data streams at all available channel resolutions according to a pre-selected RFI Mask, in accordance with the CSP LMC to CSP Sub-elements ICD [SKA-TEL-CSP-0000019] and where the mask, for each stream to be flagged at each channel resolution, contains:
1. flagging ON/OFF,
2. non-RFI level establishment integration time,
3. non-RFI level setting (optional, overrides internal level determination),
4. RFI trigger algorithm (Power, Kurtosis),
5. RFI trigger detect integration time,
6. flagging trigger level and,
7. flagging dwell time or "Auto".
Major equipment items supplied by the Supplier shall be fitted with a securely mounted stainless steel nameplate displaying the following information: The purchaserís equipment asset number (TBD).
The DSH shall report log messages to TM.
DSH equipment, while in its storage packaging, shall withstand, and shall operate to specification as defined herein after exposure to, the storage environmental conditions as defined in “Class 1.1: Weather protected, partly temperature-controlled storage locations” of the ETSI EN 300 019-1-1 standard.
The Supplier shall furnish at no charge to the Purchaser the following: All assembly bolts and nuts required for field installation plus 10% overage.
 The adjustable pipe stop design shall be identical to the pipe stop design used in quench and temper. 
Each SKA1 dish shall propagate the time reference provided by SaDT, into the sampled data stream with accuracy better than 2 sample clock periods.
SADT to CSP_Mid.CBF: General
The interface between SADT and CSP_Mid.CBF shall be compliant with the MID SADT to CSP Interface Control Document [300-000000-023].
 The project shall incorporate a machine control system. 
 Each threading line shall have a pin end threading inspection station. 
where applicable, bowl feeders must be equipped with sound enclosures.
if there is a special condition to move a device in manual, i.e. a cylinder must be extended in order to move a second cylinder, there must be an error message displayed in the event the second cylinder is not actuated in the correct sequence.
power to any form of logic circuitry, testing and measurement devices, as well as programmable logic controllers will have their power isolated so line noise frommotors, amplifiers, and other noise creating devices are not transmitted.
 The seller warrants that for twelve months after equipment acceptance the Products shall be free from defects in material and workmanship under normal required use and service and equipment acceptance shall occur when the equipment is formally accepted or when the Customer first takes beneficial use of the equipment. 
pc based programming will be flow or ladder type programming.
the distance from the front of part bins to the front edge of the workstation will not exceed 1.08 inches.
 FAT criteria shall consist of threading station cycle time demonstrating ten seconds transfer in and ten seconds transfer out. 
CSP_Mid.CBF racks shall have a peak power draw of less than 11 kW in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
 Each lift station fixed pipe stop shall be constructed of a thick heavy duty urethane cover with steel under lament for rigidness. 
For any Band and for each Pulsar Timing beam, CSP_Mid.CBF shall:
1. form 3500 to 4096 equally-spaced spectral channels across the 200 MHz Frequency Slice beamforming bandwidth such that the total aliased power in at least the central 87.5% of each channel contains, in the absence of RFI, less than -60 dB total aliased power,
2. the peak-to-peak variation in amplitude across at least the central 87.5% of each channel is less than 0.1 dB and,
3. form channels which are linearly spaced and provide contiguous bandwidth coverage meeting bullet 1. and
2. requirements across the full beamformed bandwidth of one or more Frequency Slices.
 Each box end drift and threading protector station paddle lift shall lower the pipe onto the box end drift and threading protector station vrollers. 
Any component of the Dish shall not emit electromagnetic radiation between 300 MHz and 20 GHz, which produces a power spectral density, that is received by an isotropic receiver at the Feed, that is greater than:
- The Spectral Line power threshold levels defined by:
  as measured with a RBW of 0.001% of centre 
- The Continuum power threshold levels defined by:
as measured with a RBW of 1% of centre frequency.
each pallet has to be engraved with an individual number with the following information: assembly line name, type and serial number.
 The vrollers of the box end threading inspection station shall then return to the up position and shall be prepared to accept the next pipe. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall, in each Frequency Slice Processor configured for VLBI, produce beam-channels with selectable sampled bandwidths of 224 MHz, 128 MHz, 64 MHz, 32 MHz, 16 MHz, 8 MHz, 4 MHz, 2 MHz, and/or 1 MHz.
supplier must ensure all equipment meets osha and dhec regulatory requirements.
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment shall be compliant with the emission and immunity standards in the SKA EMI/EMC Standards and Procedures [SKA-TEL-SKO-0000202] document.
the hmi needs to display the current shift counters, as well as the previous two shiftsí counters.
The transmitted sampling rates shall be as follows: 
a) Band 1: 4 GSps
b) Band 2: 4 GSps
c) Band 3: 3.2 GSps
d) Band 4: 6 GSps
e) Band 5a&b: 6 GSps
 Each pipe shall be automatically lifted to the CNC threading machine center by electric cylinder. 
a recommendation must be made based on robot duty cycle, station operation and velocity for robot maintenance, i.e. gearbox lubrication, axis lubrication, belt change, etc. this shall be submitted to pierburg by final acceptance for a pm in addition, there shall be a message on the hmi indicating required robot maintenance.
the workstation shall be designed to eliminate a turn at the waist of the operator every cycle.
any device, i.e. cylinder, valve, torque gun, robot, etc., must have the ability to be  actuated from manual mode.
The DSH shall report the status of items in the structure of reporting.
The DSH shall report the DSH element external state to TM as per the SKA Control Model.
 Each station shall have a local operator station. 
When commanded, for each subarray CSP_Mid.CBF shall form Pulsar Timing beams, each with a selectable contiguous dual- polarization beamforming bandwidth, in steps of the Frequency Slice processed bandwidth, with a total bandwidth up to the Band's processed bandwidth or 2.5 GHz, whichever is smaller.
One second timestamps, at any interface to CSP_Mid.CBF, during any Scheduling Block, for any subarray shall always increment
in a Natural Number sequence.
 Each of the radial rollers and paddle lift and pipe stop shall be designed modularly and securely attached to each base frame so that the overall base design of each station is similar and will not require as much expertise to maintain. 
The DSH shall not report alarms, events, failure detections and logs for equipment that is not fitted.
The structural frames shall be constructed using minimum 6 inch structural tubing, ASTM A500 Member sizes and locations shall be at the discretion of the Supplierís engineer Tubular members shall have a minimum 0.250 inch wall thickness.
 Self centering vrollers shall be powered to drive the pipe into the CNC chuch. 
 You can be sure that the system shall remain within your original specification and each step of the poject from design reviews to project questions will be documented for verification. 
no task shall require an operator to work or pull parts more than 57 inches above the ground (heart level) or below 30 inches above the ground (waist level).
flexibility for new routings parts: new part numbers can be introduced with a specific routing and individual process parameters by a database system.
When imperfections or defects are removed by grinding, a smooth curved surface shall be maintained, and the wall thickness shall not be decreased below that permitted by this specification. The outside diameter at the point of grinding is permitted to be reduced by the amount so removed
As part of the Manufacturing Data Pack, As-Built Data shall be provided as part of the Manufacturing Data Pack. As-Built Data is considered to be Item identification, Item Data Sheets, Item Supplier Data, Assembly Drawings, Manufacturing Drawings and Parts Lists as applicable.
When commanded, for each receptor of each subarray independently, CSP_Mid.CBF shall automatically set Transient Buffer re-quantizer gain settings to provide optimal sensitivity on the quiescent (i.e. non-transient event) signal level and, when commanded, report the gain and associated post-re-quantizer power measurements to CSP_Mid.LMC.
 The review verification and validation requirements shall be defined. 
DSH shall provide lighting in the Pedestal, for use during maintenance.
The Supplier's equipment and system shall be designed for maximum personnel safety including, but not limited to, the following: Easy observation and access to all instruments and valves.
pneumatic valves must be manually switch able without the need to remove the solenoid.
The DSH shall provide an environmental protected enclosure and maintain the internal environmental conditions as defined by the Non Operating Conditions for equipment located inside the pedestal while being subjected to the Survival Conditions.
The DSH shall report version information of all software and firmware.
 Each pipe shall be secured to the vrollers by the clamp inside the high speed transfer table. 
Contact disc external surfaces and H-F electrode shall be gold plated min 10 msi or silver plated 15 msi on external surfaces (edges of disc need not be plated).
 Each box end pipe dope station shall have individual vrollers. 
 Each threading line shall have a pin end dope and threading protector station. 
When commanded and processing data from Band 2, CSP_Mid.CBF shall accept dual polarization digitized data from each SKA1_Mid receptor at a sample rate of 3.96+k*delta_f/1e9 Gsamples/sec, with the RF (sky) band of interest present in the digitized signal from 0.95 to 1.76 GHz, with the same frequency sense as RF, with sky center frequency of 1.355 GHz, and with a net down-conversion frequency of 0 Hz.
Where: k=positive integer defined for each receptor by CSP_Mid.LMC, delta_f=1800 Hz, and k*delta_f does not exceed 4 MHz.
DSH, when in SHUTDOWN mode, shall go to the LOW_POWER state and after 30 seconds stow the Dish.
 Welded Tube shall be responsible for the supply installation configuration startup and commissioning of the equipment. 

When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall process up to 700 MHz per polarization of contiguous RF (sky) data within the Band 1 band of interest.
The DSH shall survive, without any residual damage or performance degradation, when operated under the Deployed Conditions throughout the Deployed Lifetime. For conditions more severe than the Extreme Operating Conditions the DSH shall be stowed.
Each CSP_Mid.CBF cross-correlation and auto-correlation visibility channel transition band within any Band's processed bandwidth shall be monotonically decreasing, in any region above -60 dB, from the channel edge to the immediately adjacent channel center frequency and having an amplitude response of - 3.01 +/-0.01 dB at the channel edge to -80dB or better at the immediately adjacent channel center frequency. Note: applies to both zoom and non-zoom visibilities.
operator panels will be present at every station and will be consistent throughout the build of equipment (middle panel height at about 65 inches).
If they cannot be eliminated from design, sharp edges, access openings and corners shall be protected with covers or coatings.
the resolution of measurement systems has to be < 5% of tolerance.
CSP_Mid.CBF LRU equipment that radiate electromagnetic emissions in the SKA1 frequency range and that aren't within a shielded enclosure of a higher level LRU, shall at a minimum be compliant with the IEC 61000-6-3 standard
or equivalent for conducted and radiated emissions under standard test conditions and setups in the SKA Mid telescope frequency range specified in the SKA EMI/EMC Standards and Procedures [SKA-TEL-SKO-0000202].
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall format and transmit visibility packets to SDP according to the Interface
ID I.S1M.SDP_CSP.001 section of the MID SDP to CSP ICD.
vibration dampening level pads will be provided with a + - 2 inch height adjustment capability.
all plc programming will be ladder logic unless approved by pierburg inc. .
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment weighing more than 23 kg shall have lifting provisions to allow team lifting and/or the use of moving equipment.
Items identified as ILM Spare Items, shall require a minimum of tuning, calibration, aligning or other actions. Where alignment, calibration or tuning is required, a deterministic procedure for such actions shall be contained in the support publications.
control panels are to have 20% available room in the back for expansions.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall generate and use Heap IDs according to the Interface ID IS1M.SDP_CSP.001 section of the MID SDP to CSP ICD.
The sensitivity of a SKA1_Mid dish shall not be less than the following compared to that which is specified in R.M.P.1, at any pointing angle over the full accessible elevation range, under precision and standard operating conditions, and when calculated as an average over any 1 MHz interval over the specified frequency range in both polarization channels: 75% for SPF band 4.
 After your system is assembled Factory Acceptance Testing FAT shall be performed at AEC. 
 The control system shall allow for rolling size changeover with operator intervention indicating the station is clear. 
When commanded to auto-set gains and levels, CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide signal headroom, as a function of RF center frequency and in accordance with the CSP LMC to CSP Sub- elements ICD [SKA-TEL-CSP-0000019], for any specified pre- correlation or pre-beamforming frequency.
 The threading and threading inspection and end blast and dope application and bucker and drift and threading protector station shall all share a common base design. 
Prior to starting fabrication the Supplier and the Supplierís approved Sub-Suppliers shall submit the following for Purchaser approval: Weld Repair Procedures.
each automated process must have an empty operator space after the process to allow 1.000% visual inspection of the process by an operator these may be bundled where possible.
horizontal toe knee clearance should be 6î.
The Supplier's equipment and system shall be designed for maximum personnel safety including, but not limited to, the following: Equipment lifting lugs.
DSH shall provide the routing and mounting of fibres and power cables, from the INFRA point of supply, of the SADT equipment mounted to DSH with the mechanical characteristics as defined in 300-000000-026 (SADT-DSH ICD).
When castings are specified for government procurement, the location of the permanent markings specified in 15.1, as well as any special marking for mechanical or physical properties (either permanent or temporary), shall be as indicated on the government drawings or sketches.
The Dish shall be able to achieve maximum velocity and acceleration rates in both azimuth and elevation axes simultaneously.
If post-weld heat treatment is required, Class 1 must be specified along with the grade, and the welds to be heat treated must be defined. If post-weld heat treatment is not required, Class 2 must be specified along with the grade.
DSH, when a Band is in the STANDBY or OPERATE_DEGRADED state, shall report the estimated time to full performance.
grab containers or component bins (pic bins) should be arranged within the optimum field of vision, which are about 1.05∫ on either side of the centerline of the employee's head when directly facing the workstation grab containers should be a max 1.02î away from the edge of the workbench for easy reach grab containers should have a short front wall to allow easy search and pick of the component by the operator.
 Welded Tube shall be responsible for all power air and other utility drops to the machines while the power and other utilities will be brought to AEC designated connection points on the machine. 
The Dish Element shall have emergency stop switches or brakes for all electro-mechanical or mechanical systems required to maintain the level of all hazards to below that as defined in SKA1-SYS_REQ-2437.
 The box end threading station idler radial rollers shall rise and vrollers lower. 
workstations will be designed for sitting operators using an eurgo style sit semi-stand seat angled footrests will be incorporated into all manual workstations the workstation work surface shall be 37 inches above the floor for all operations unless approved by pierburg inc. .
Mechanical marks and abrasions—such as cable marks, dinges, guide marks, roll marks, ball scratches, scores, and die marks—and pits, any of which imperfections are deeper than 1⁄16 in. [1.6 mm]
 The design of the vrollers shall contain many similar features of the vrollers Welded Tube uses in quench and temper with the exception of high temperature designs. 
Bearings shall be fully-self aligning and shall be equipped with single ñlip contact seals to exclude dust and moisture from internal parts of the bearing.
In N images, there are Les lesions, of which LL lesions are correctly detected by artificial intelligence algorithm, NLL image regions without lesions are misdiagnosed, and M of N cases contain non_x0002_lesion localization. NN is the number of images that contain no lesion. This assumption applies to Equation (A.10) to Equation (A.17
The 'LanguagePreferredList' element contains one or more 'LanguagePreferredComponentDef' elements.
Product Markings shall be clearly visible when the Item is installed.
This measurement shall be made in test cavity according to Drawing 162-JAN. With the cavity calibrator in position, the cavity shall be tuned to resonance and the relative transmitted power level noted. With the tube inserted, the cavity shall then be tuned to resonance and the transmitted power noted. The dB loss in transmitted power due to the insertion of the tube shall not be more than the specified amount.
External conductive parts shall be grounded in compliance to: South Africa:
National Building Regulations and Building Standards Act, 1977 Occupational Health and Safety act, 1993
SANS 10313
The total per-receptor Blind Pointing Error Circle diameter under Standard Operating Conditions and within the full performance pointing range shall be <= 72 arcsec.
The Supplier shall furnish all equipment, controls, data, drawings, etc. defined in the Purchaserís documents and data including, but not limited to, the following major components: Complete shop assembly disassembly for shipping.
Furnace temperatures for heat treating shall be regulated by the use of pyrometers
The number of transmitted bits per sample shall be as follows: 
a) Band 1: 8 bits/sample
b) Band 2: 8 bits/sample
c) Band 3: 8 bits/sample
d) Band 4: 8 bits/sample
e) Band 5a&b: 4 bits/sample
The H-F electrode shall be concentric with the disc electrode within .018(.46 mm).
All welded construction shall comply with AWS code for procedures, appearance, and quality of welds All joined members shall be continuously sealed by continuous welds Skip welding is not acceptable.
the machinery shall be designed to run between 60 and 80 psig.
All Engineering documents and data listed in the Vendor Data Requirements Form including but not limited to the following: Recommended Spare Parts Lists.
Coils shall be banded securely with a minimum of three ties on the 1981 m (6500 ft) coil and the 960 m (3150 ft) coil, evenly spaced
the counters should reset and shift the values every 8 hours at 7am, 3pm, and 1.01.0pm, or by a password-protected manual function.
Full PAN bobbins will be loaded on the Creel spindles by an Automated Creel Loading System Two (2) Creel Loaders will travel along the aisles between creel frames on a rail The Creel Loaders will remove spent bobbin spools and replace them with full PAN bobbins.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall operate using one reference UTC time, invariant across subarray configurations, including engineering subarrays, and Processing Modes, and that represents the current SKA1_Mid telescope observing real time.
Packaged LRU’s and SRU’s with a mass of more than 15kg and less than 40kg shall have
carrying handles.
Equipment shall comply with the safety requirements of BS EN IEC 60950. NOTE: This includes electric shock, energy related hazards, fire, heat related hazards, mechanical hazards, radiation and chemical hazards.
After reaching a stress equivalent to approximately half of the anticipated yield stress, the speed of the moving head of the testing machine shall not exceed 0.50 in./min [12.5 mm ⁄min] through the breaking load.
the hmi will need to have a password-protected manual function that will allow the plc system time to be changed this will help to correct for minor time adjustments, such as daylight savings time changes.
 Each box end pipe dope station paddle lift shall lower the pipe onto the box end pipe dope station vrollers. 
The spindle bearings shall be fixed with locking collars and selected in accordance with section 8.4 of this specification Bearings shall have a minimum of 0.375 inch mounting plates on Creel framework.
 The vrollers of the box end high speed threading station shall automatically center the pipe from the side during rapid travel into the CNC threading machine. 
Bobbin Size: Traverse Width: 788 mm (31.00 inches) Outside Diameter:711 mm (28.00 inches). 
All LRUs with electrostatic sensitive components shall be fitted with ESD warning labels.
 The end position of each pipe shall be within plus or minus three hundredths of an inch of the desired location. 
The DSH Element Lightning Protection System shall dissipate the lightning current into the earth in accordance to IEC62305 LPL III.
wiring retainers or hold-downs will not use adhesives to secure wires or attach to the equipment.
 Each box end pipe dope station paddle lift shall lift the pipe off of the fixed pipe stop and the pipe shall roll against the stop on the paddle lift. 
The pipe shall be clean and wet when placing the thrust block to provide a good bond between concrete and pipe. Where adequate soil tests are not available the allowable passive soil pressure shall be considered to be 24 kPa (500 lb/ft2).
The maximum beam pointing range off SKA1_Mid receptor boresight, for any CSP_Mid.CBF tied-array beam, shall be, for each Band:
1. Band 1: +/-1.82 deg
2. Band 2: +/-0.67 deg
3. Band 3: +/-0.39 deg
4. Band 4: +/-0.23 deg
5. Band 5a: +/-0.14 deg
6. Band 5b: +/-0.08 deg
The tube shall be mounted in the specified external cavity and placed between a matched generator and detector. The signal generator frequency shall be varied to obtain the resonant frequency of the tube and cavity as evidenced by a pronounced peak at the output indicator. The value of this resonant frequency shall be within the limits specified
During transition periods when the transmitted data is not valid, DSH shall set the data values to the most negative number.
When agreed upon between manufacturer and purchaser, tested specimens or unbroken test bars shall be preserved by the manufacturer for a period of three months after the date of the test report.
 The lift station lifting mechanism shall have an electric cylinder that actuates a lever to raise and lower a lifting arm. 
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment connected to the CPF electrical network shall be compliant with the IEC 61000-3-3 standard or equivalent for Voltage Fluctuations and Flicker Emissions under standard test conditions and setups in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
The spindles shall be designed to minimize the required positional and angular tolerances of the creel loader Design shall incorporate means to align spindle position and angle and lock in place after installation The Supplier shall clearly show tolerances in the proposal and on the engineering drawings.
Install construction joints where concrete placement operations are interrupted for
more than 30 minutes. Place a header to create a vertical face that is perpendicular to the
centerline, and use tie bars as needed.
 Each pipe shall be transferred by walking beam from the adjustable pipe stop to the vrollers in the pin end threading station. 
 During the project life span weekly audits shall be performed internally by the AEC to verify the project is within design control boundaries . 
The DSH shall filter alarms, events and logs to prevent the reporting of alarms for items that are not fitted or that are under maintenance.
Shafting shall be AISI 1045 carbon steel turned, ground and polished.
CSP_Mid.CBF disposable equipment should be labelled as such.
When sampled data connectivity is lost to a receptor, CSP_Mid.CBF shall flag any affected data as invalid and an alert raised, but otherwise normal operations continue.
 Welded Tube shall be responsible for the supply installation configuration startup and commissioning of all bucker units including tooling. 
 Each threading line shall have a pin end end blast station. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall contain at most 1100 LRUs that radiate EMI at levels up to CISPR 22/32 or equivalent standard in the SKA Mid telescope frequency range.
The communications protocol for this interface is defined in Section 5 of [SKA-TEL-SKO-0000150].
Maximum working head for cast-in-place pipelines shall be 4.5 m (15 ft) above the centerline of the pipe. Maximum working heads for precast nonreinforced concrete pipe with mortar joints shall not exceed one-fourth the certified hydrostatic test pressure as prescribed in ASTM Standard C118, Specifications for Concrete Pipe for Irrigation or Drainage, and for pipelines with rubber-gasket joints, one-third the certified hydrostatic test pressure as prescribed in ASTM Standard C505, Specifications for Nonreinforced Concrete Irrigation Pipe with Rubber Gasket Joints
workbench edges should be rounded to 0.375î radius or larger.
all work stations will be equipped with adequate lighting for operators a minimum of 2 lights (4 ft florescent lights) is requested per workstation unless limited by workstation design lux requirements should be considered depending on the type of activity performed at stations.
The user's language setting determines which 'LanguagePreferredComponentDef' element to use first, and when a character that is not supported by the font specified by that 'LanguagePreferredComponentDef' element is encountered, the ordering of the 'LanguagePreferredComponentDef' elements is significant, and the first 'LanguagePreferredComponentDef' element that supports the character is used.
ten pallet parts before the packaging station.
Each Pulsar Timing beam formed by CSP_Mid.CBF in the presence of RFI, shall achieve a signal-to-noise ratio within the beamforming bandwidth on unflagged data of at least 98% of that which is possible with an ideal beamformer with the same
inputs. Conformance to this requirement will be determined by testing of all SKAO-mandated RFI use cases.
When commanded and processing data from Band 5b, CSP_Mid.CBF shall accept two streams (5b1 and 5b2) of dual polarization digitized data from each SKA1_Mid receptor. For each stream:
1. the sample rate is 5.94+k*3/2*delta_f/1e9 Gsamples/sec.
2. the bandwidth of the band of interest is 2.5 GHz
3. the sky RF center frequency may be TM-defined tuned anywhere between f_c_rf=9.55 and f_c_rf=14.05 GHz
4. the center frequency of the band of interest in the digitized signal is f_c_boi=1.485-k*2*delta_f/1e9 + f_shift GHz
5. has the same frequency sense as RF and
6. has net downconversion frequency of f_c_rf_c_boi=f_c_rf- f_c_boi
Where: k=positive integer defined for each receptor by CSP_Mid.LMC, delta_f=1800 Hz, f_shift is CSP_Mid.LMC-defined anywhere in the range of at least +/-1/2 Frequency Slice processed bandwidth with at least 0.01 MHz tuning resolution, and k*3/s*delta_f does not exceed 4 MHz.
 Each pin end high speed threading station design shall be identical to that of the box end threading station. 
The CSP_Mid.CBF electrical load shall be balanced such that the difference in currents between any two of the three phases will nominally be less than 5% and not exceed 10% for periods greater than 2 minutes when the sub-element is fully powered in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD. 
S51.1 Tolerances for commercial steel castings (S51.1.1) made from mounted patterns and the surfaces that are not to be machined shall be in accordance with Table S51.1. Metal match plate patterns and precise molding methods can produce closer tolerances than the values shown in Table S51.1. Complex casting designs may require different permissible variations than those listed in Table S51.1.
The activation of the drill-down capability is defined in the LMC interface guideline [SKA-TEL-TM-0000031].
DSH shall not report alarms, events, logs, or faults on missing components.

CSP_Mid.CBF equipment shall be compliant with the IEC 61000- 6-2 standard or equivalent for susceptibility to conducted and radiated emissions under standard test conditions and setups.
All frames shall be designed to minimize lateral defection under full load conditions.
the hmi will utilize standard formatting when programming function (f 1.0 ñ f 5) push - button touch button operation and controls as follows.
 Each threading line shall have a bucker station. 
The calibration signal shall be coupled into the signal path with phase unbalance of < 1.5° (TBC) between the coupling points.
The autocorrelation spectra from a SKA1_Mid dish shall reach an RMS noise of <= 22/vt milliK.sec-1⁄2 for time scales t <= 5 sec, integrated over any 1 MHz bandwidth.
All equipment shall operate at a maximum noise level of 85 dbA when measured at a distance of 3'-0" from the source in any direction.
PIP STS05130 Erection of Structural and Miscellaneous Steel Specification.
all equipment and enclosures will be free from equipment vendor names or logos.
In reference work, the metallographic practice recom_x0002_mended in Test Method A247 shall be follow
The packet counter shall indicate the intra-second packet number, with 0 indicating the packet that contains the first data following a 1PPS boundary.
The Purchaser shall furnish the following: Automated Creel Loading System.
Where it would not be possible or practical to drain a pipeline to replace or repair mechanical air vents, a shutoff valve should be installed between the pipe and the valve.
The description for each of the OAuth2.0 access token scopes shall be presented to the user during the account linking process by the OAuth2.0 server of the Target Cloud. The Target Cloud user sees a description on the consent screen and give an explicit consent that the Origin Cloud requesting that the Bearer Token is authorized to act on behalf of the user in the boundary of obtained OAuth2.0 access token scopes
Except for pipe ordered as special outside diameter tolerance pipe or as inside diameter tolerance pipe, variations in outside diameter shall not exceed those given in Table 3
 Gages test equipment setup masters or hardware shall not be provided in the scope of thie proposal except where noted. 
Complex visibilities produced by CSP_Mid.CBF, for any Band, for stationary input signals, and for stable sky and Tsys, shall have no detectable and uncorrectable variations as a function of time on any visibility integration timescale up to 1000 hrs.
As specified in Subsection 703.4(C)(1), the
engineer may use reclaimed aggregates from the project or from stockpiles off the project.
Unless explicitly commanded to do so, CSP_Mid.CBF shall maintain the complex response of all data products at a
level within 0.1% in amplitude and within 0.001 radians in phase, or within 1.5 sigma, whichever is larger, through any CSP_Mid.CBF Band changes, delay center on the sky changes, resets, or power cycles.
All Engineering documents and data listed in the Vendor Data Requirements Form including but not limited to the following: Component Drawings.
CSP_Mid.CBF LRUs weighing more than 23 kg shall have a Weight Warning label.
All couplings and other moving parts that could cause injury if inadvertently contacted by personnel shall be guarded for personnel protection Guards shall not create a hazard of its own, be securely fastened, and sturdy enough to support an impact load of personnel falling against the guard Guards shall be welded and bolted construction Use of sheet metal screws is not acceptable Guards shall be painted orange.
 If the automatic stop adjustment option is chosen then the electric cylinder shall automatically position the adjustable pipe stop to the proper position for the given outer diameter recipe and if it isn't chosen then it shall be manually positioned by the operator. 
When commanded and with the CSP_Mid.CBF Administrative Mode set to OFFLINE, CSP_Mid.CBF shall detect and report 99% of sub-element LRU to LRU and LRU to external interface communication path faults.
workstations shall be a minimum of three feet apart unless otherwise specified by current federal standards, dhec of sc or the pierburg inc safety officer.
DSH shall report information in a hierarchical structure, including a product breakdown structure and a capability structure.
 FAT testing shall consider four and one half and nine and five eighths inches casings both forty eight feet in length. 
tooling or fixtures switched during change over shall attach to a sub-plate in accordance with ësingle minute exchange dieí (smed) design philosophies.
The DSH shall send to the TM the following information for each alarm:
a) Time of detection of the condition,
b) Description of the condition, (e.g. „over-temperature“)
c) The conditional data measured (e.g. 65degC) as justification for raising the alarm.
CSP_Mid.CBF average power consumption shall not exceed
272 kW in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
The computer aided segmentation function of artificial intelligence medical device is used to mark the boundaries of lesions, organs or tissues. A is the target area, B is the segmentation area, and C is the intersection of the two, (CAB = ∩ ) .
appropriate colors for functions conditions will be used for panels with color capability as depicted in examples 1.0 & 2 2nd and 3rd level screens will follow the same format concerning color or sub screens frommain function screen.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall digitally re-sample data, that may be sampled at a different rate at each SKA1_Mid receptor, to a common rate before performing any cross-correlation or beamforming operations.
Protect and maintain the subgrade surface until covered. Construct at least one course of base
or subbase on the treated subgrade before using it for hauling operations.
Once a transition to a designated fail-safe state is triggered, the CSP_Mid.CBF shall complete the transition and remain in the designated fail-safe state until commanded otherwise.
When commanded and with the CSP_Mid.CBF Administrative Mode set to OFFLINE, CSP_Mid.CBF shall perform diagnostic tests to detect and isolate LRU and sub-element level faults.
The total per-receptor RMS Blind Pointing Error under Degraded Operating Conditions and computed over the full performance pointing range shall be <= 36 arcsec RMS.
 Each box end end blast station shall have a fixed pipe stop. 
CSP_Mid.CBF repairable items shall have maintenance provisions such as test points, accessibility, and plug-in components.
In cases where saturation occurs in the signal path, DSH shall flag data for the entire period of saturation, including the recovery period.
Over the full accessible elevation range, under Precision and Standard Operating Conditions, Antenna efficiency in two orthogonal polarizations shall exceed a line interpolated linearly between:
60% at 350 MHz 78% at 600 MHz 78% at 8000 MHz 70% at 15 GHz 65% at 20 GHz
DSH, when in the STOW mode, and when in FULL_POWER state, shall be able to perform data capture and transmission.
 The assembly of radial rollers at the box end end blast station shall be individually driven by SEW gearmotors. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall receive and interpret packet metadata from SKA1 Mid DISHes as specified in the DISH to CSP ICD.
all system parameters (times, limits, rates) will be editable through the hmi (password protected).
The maximum data rate for the transfer of control data to facilitate the DSH_TM interface is 
10kbps per SKA1_MID DSH Dish.
Under precision and standard operating conditions, each SKA1_Mid dish shall achieve
Dish sensitivity (averaged) of at least 7.0 m2/K in both polarization channels over SPF band 3.
Steel investment castings furnished to this specification shall conform to the requirements of Specification A957/ A957M, including any supplementary requirements that are indicated in the purchase order. Failure to comply with the common requirements of Specification A957/A957M consti_x0002_tutes nonconformance with this specification. In case of con_x0002_flict between the requirements of this specification and Speci_x0002_fication A957/A957M, Specification A957/A957M shall prevail.
shielded communication wiring will not run parallel with non-inductive low voltage ac load wiring (< 65 volts) closer than 4 inches.
DSH shall apply corrections to the received pointing commands, to compensate for local pointing errors, using a pointing model provided by TM, including the following:
- Structural deformations due to gravity
- Axis misalignments
- Corrections based on tilt sensor (where applicable)
The SKA1 Dish components shall, as a minimum, comply with IEC 61000-6-4 for electromagnetic emissions.
Major equipment items supplied by the Supplier shall be fitted with a securely mounted stainless steel nameplate displaying the following information: The purchaserís equipment tag number CR-301.
vacuum grippers are only permitted if written approval is obtained from pierburg magnetic grippers are not permitted due to their interference with electrical and other components.
Engineering Drawings shall be submitted in AutoCAD 2002 version All drawings shall be submitted via email to the Vendor Document Control group at Jacobs  All shape and font files shall be included in the transmittals The final drawings and files, corrected to as-builts, shall be submitted to Jacobs Vendor Document Control group and shall become the property of the purchaser Drawing format, title block, and drawing numbers will be provided after issuance of order.
If the results of a valid test fail to conform to the requirements of this specification, two retests shall be made. If either retest fails to meet the specification, the castings repre_x0002_sented by these test specimens shall be rejected. A valid test is one wherein the test specimen has been properly prepared and appears to be sound and on which the approved test procedure has been followed
Compact to a minimum of 95 percent of the maximum density as determined by AASHTO T 180
or AASHTO T 99. The Engineer will determine in-place density according to AASHTO T 191 or
T 310, correcting for oversized particles as necessary.
overhead clearance of the workstation should be 81.0î.
Under degraded operating conditions, pointing jitter alone shall not degrade Antenna efficiency by more than 2% at 15 GHz.
 The AEC shall perform and deliver a risk analysis of equipment concepts during design. 
parts totes shall be gravity fed from the rear of the equipment and contain a minimum of a 4-hour supply unless approved by pierburg based on parts size.
The values stated in either SI units or inch-pound units are to be regarded separately as standard. The values stated in each system may not be exact equivalents; therefore, each system shall be used independently of the other. Combining values from the two systems may result in nonconformance with the standard.
DSH shall report to TM when RFI shielded enclosures are open.
all relays, switches, and fuse blocks will have led or neon indication lighting.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall have a Mean Time To Repair (MTTR) of less than 1 hour at the organizational level (O-Level).
The Supplier shall furnish all equipment, controls, data, drawings, etc. defined in the Purchaserís documents and data including, but not limited to, the following major components: Creel Framework Assembly.
All components and spares of the CSP_Mid.CBF, in their transport packaging, shall not be damaged while, and shall perform to specification as defined herein, after being transported under conditions as defined in “Class 2.2: careful transportation” of the ETSI EN 300 019-1-2 standard and defined in BS EN IEC 60721- 3-2:
 Climatic conditions 2K5H
 Biological conditions 2B3
 Chemical conditions 2C1
 Dust and Sand conditions 2S3
 Shock & Vibration conditions 2M3
If, after testing, a specimen shows evidence of a defect, another tension test may be made on a companion specimen. Also, a retest shall be permitted whenever fracture occurs outside the central 50 % of the gage length.
DSH shall allow TM to access and copy local (to the DSH) logging files (where applicable) TBC.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall, for each subarray in each Frequency Slice processor configured for Correlation independently, channel-average visibilities, independently in each of at least 20 equal frequency partitions across the Frequency Slice or Zoom Window, with at least channel averaging factors of 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and 8, and restricted to averaging adjacent channels only.
equipment shall detect tooling type and incorporate poka yoke features equipment shall alarm if tooling is installed incorrectly or if the wrong tooling is installed the tooling should have visual indicators to facilitate change over.
 Each CNC threading station shall have an in and out handling time of ten seconds each. 
For each subarray and across configuration changes, including Band changes, power cycles, resets, and fault recoveries, each CSP_Mid.CBF output VLBI beam channel data sample shall be timestamped with respect to the best representation of telescope reference time available to CSP_Mid.CBF, to a precision allowed by the MID CSP to VLBI ICD, and with accuracy to fundamental telescope reference time limited only by the accuracy of the best representation of telescope reference time available to CSP_Mid.CBF.
The DSH shall provide an environmental protected enclosure and maintain the internal environmental conditions during operation as defined by the Operating Conditions for equipment located inside the pedestal while being subjected to the Precision, Standard, Degraded and Extreme Operating Conditions.
The interface between CSP_Mid.CBF and Infra SA shall be in compliance with the latest approved version of the SKA1 MID CSP to INFRA Interface Control Document [300-000000-020].
While the values for yield point and yield strength are not identical, they are sufficiently close for most applications of ferritic malleable irons to be used interchangeably. They may be determined by any of the approved techniques described in the paragraphs on Determination of Yield Strength and Yield Point of Test Methods E8/E8M. If determined as yield strength, that stress producing an extension under load of 0.01 in. [0.25 mm] over the 2 in. [50 mm] gage length (for example, 0.5 % extension) or an offset of 0.2 % shall be taken as the yield stress, which shall be converted to yield strength by dividing by the original cross-sectional area of the gage length found in accordance with 7.3.2. It shall be reported to the nearest 100 psi [MPa]. In referee work, yield strength shall be determined as the stress that produces an extension under load of 0.5 % of the gage length.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall be compliant with all South African state and national environmental protection legislation and regulations.
The dish element shall achieve full performance as specified for pointing, tracking and scanning at all coordinates with elevation angles from 15° up to 85° and azimuth within the range from -270° to +270°, all angles inclusive of pointing model corrections.
DSH shall monitor the total DSH power consumption with a maximum time resolution of 1second, and report it to TM as a sensor.
The level of spurious spectral products introduced by CSP_Mid.CBF, in channels not containing native RFI--subject to the limitations of channel transition band, reject band, and temporal characteristics--in produced visibilities for the suite of RFI test cases provided by the SKAO, shall be at least 80 dB down from the progenitor RFI spectral feature(s) and, if at all possible, at least 100 dB down and integrating down with the noise, for any supported visibility spectral channel resolutions, for integrations up to 1000 hours, over the entire processed bandwidth for any Band.
 Each box end drift and threading protector station paddle lift shall lift pipe off of the fixed pipe stop and the pipe shall roll against the stop on the paddle lift. 
raid controller using multiple parallel drives.
All items that present a potential hazard shall be labelled in accordance with BS EN ISO 7010
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment connected to the CPF electrical network shall be compliant with the IEC 61000-4-3 standard or equivalent for radiated, radio-frequency, electromagnetic field immunity under standard test conditions and setups in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
All Engineering documents and data listed in the Vendor Data Requirements Form including but not limited to the following: Operation and Maintenance Manuals.
If CSP_Mid.CBF loses connection to CSP_Mid.LMC, CSP_Mid.CBF shall continue operating for as long as all LMC- delivered parameters remain within LMC-supplied limits.
If the results of a valid test fail to conform to the requirements of this specification, two retests shall be made. If either retest fails to meet the specification, the castings repre_x0002_sented by these test specimens shall be rejected. A valid test is one wherein the test specimen has been properly prepared and appears to be sound and on which the approved test procedure has been followed.
All Engineering documents and data listed in the Vendor Data Requirements Form including but not limited to the following: Approval Drawings for Review prior to fabrication.
Packaged LRU’s and SRU’s with a mass of more than 40 kg shall have an integral lifting
arrangement (e.g. eye-bolts).
In general, the paint application shall achieve a dry film thickness of 1-2 mils per coat The paint may be applied by brush, roller, airless spray or air-atomized spray.
Product Markings shall withstand all environments and conditions to which the item will be subjected. Product Markings shall be waterproof and not detach or become unreadable with repeated handling.
 Each bucker station paddle lift shall lift the pipe off of the adjustable pipe stop and the pipe shall roll against the stop on the paddle lift. 
 The loading and unloading processes of each box end high speed threading station shall take approximately ten seconds to complete. 
 If no pipe is present at the end of the box end end blast station then the pipe is lifted off of the pipe stop and lowered onto the box end end blast station vrollers. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall document and apply algorithms for real-time temporal evaluation and application of delay models, pulsar ephemerides, and calibration models sufficiently and in such a manner as to allow deterministic off-line reconstruction of the evaluation and application of those models, in conjunction with parameters passed from CSP_Mid.LMC and standard metadata (e.g., time, receptor ID).
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall accept packet sizes in the range as specified in the DISH to CSP ICD.
This standard does not purport to address all of the safety concerns, if any, associated with its use. It is the responsibility of the user of this standard to establish appro_x0002_priate safety, health, and environmental practices and deter_x0002_mine the applicability of regulatory limitations prior to use
 Each bucker station shall have a paddle lift. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall not present a hazard to the operators, maintainers and own equipment with categorization exceeding the acceptable levels defined in the SKA Project Safety Management Plan [SKA-TEL-SKO-0000740].
CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide at least 27 Frequency Slice Processors, at a Frequency Slice processed bandwidth of 200 MHz +/-2 MHz.
 The Welded Tube supplied CNC equipment shall be able to accommodate an estimated forty seven to twenty five pieces per hour of four and a half inch diameter pipes to nine and five eighths diameter pipes at forty eight feet in length. 
The DSH shall survive and perform according to the requirements as stated in this specification after being subjected to the Survival Conditions throughout the Deployed Lifetime.
Any DSH equipment located at weather protected locations provided by other Elements shall be subjected to the conditions defined in the relevant ICD's.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall be compliant with the 1-second UTC timestamp defined in the MID CSP to VLBI ICD.
The tensile strength shall be the maximum load carried by the specimen during the test divided by the original cross-sectional area of the gage length, as found in accordance with 7.3.2. It shall be reported to the nearest 100 psi [MPa].
 After the FAT is completed successfully you shall approve delivery and installation of the machine as tested and subject to the punchlist. 
American Welding Society (AWS).
The DSH, when a communication session hasbeen established between TM and DSH, shall report status in accordance with a default reporting model.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide to CSP_Mid.LMC digital bandpass correction factors, per-receptor and per-spectral channel that, once applied and for spectrally flat signals with half- power bandwidths greater than 3 channel widths, correct any digital spectral gain variations introduced by CSP_Mid.CBF, to within 0.01% in amplitude and 0.001 radians of phase.
Use of copper and copper bearing alloy is restricted.
 After the pipe returns from inspection the vrollers shall automatically drop to allow the pipe to roll to the next station. 
CSP_Mid.CBF rack electrical protection circuitry shall have a Interrupt Rating (IR) and Short-Circuit Current Rating of not less than 10kA in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
SKA1_Mid Dish hardware failures and software errors shall not create a hazardous situation to interfacing systems.
all data is stored in a database on a pc-basis data shall be imported automatically into an excel spreadsheet type format file (file name shall be by date: yy-mm-dd xls) from the database system and have the capability to pulled easily from the data based onto a cd burn system or tape back up system for supplied database of the integrator pulling data shall not impact the availability performance of the assembly operations or stations status lighting at every station must be mounted for good visibility (top down: red-yellow-green).
The ends of pipe sections at all joints and connections shall be washed or brushed clean and thoroughly wetted immediately prior to placing the mortar. Care should be taken to assure that all joints and connections are filled with mortar before joining to attain at least a 6 mm (0.25 in.) thick mortar joint and that excess mortar is wiped from the inside of the pipe. The external bands shall be complete around the circumference of the pipe and no less than 10 mm (0.4 in.) thick at the joint
Supplier is to include as an option to the base bid field services as defined herein: Start-up support services for a duration of two (2) weeks by (2) shifts A work week shall consist of 6 days A shift shall consist of 12 continuous hours The start-up services shall not be consecutive with the installation services Cost shall include travel expenses for one (1) round trip to and from the site The Supplier shall also provide a per day cost for extension of services.
 Each bucker station shall have an automatic adjustable pipe stop. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall use the 1PPS marker (timestamp) embedded in the real-time sampled data stream sourcing from SKA1_Mid receptors, to timestamp CSP_Mid.CBF-generated data products and apply delay models, phase models, and calibration
models. This marker is considered the most accurate marker of telescope reference time (UTC) available.
 Each lift station shall have a lifting mechanism. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall change from active, ready, and normal processing configuration in any Band to active, ready, and normal processing configuration in Bands 1, 2, 3, or 4, in less than or equal to 14 seconds.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide individual phase bins with dwell times as small as 1 microsecond.
DSH shall have the following power states, and report these states to TM: 
a) UPS
b) LOW_POWER
c) FULL_POWER
all machine wiring must conform to nfpa 79.
 The project shall have notes and exceptions. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall change from active, ready, and normal processing configuration in any Band to active, ready, and normal processing configuration in Band 5a or 5b, in less than or equal to 4 seconds. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall transmit an alarm message to CSP_Mid.LMC within 0.6 seconds from the time a measurement crosses an alarm set-point.
 Each pipe shall be lifted onto the next transfer table. 
the timers should reset and shift the values every 8 hours at 7am, 3pm, and 1.01.0pm, or by a password-protected manual function.
DSH shall transmit the receiver signal data using the protocol defined in [SKA-TEL-SKO-0000124].
Each piece of equipment shall be identified with a durable shipping tag securely attached and plainly marked with the Purchaserís order number, asset number, and tag number.
The SKA1-Mid Dish shall have an Inherent Availability (Ai) of = 99.90%.
freestanding bowl support tables should have heavy-duty adjustable mounting feet for final alignment at set up.
 When a pipe is detected at the fixed pipe stop and the box end pipe dope station is empty the pipe shall be automatically loaded. 
For each of bands 1 - 4 the SKA1_Mid digitised bandwidth shall be sufficient to unambiguously represent signals from anywhere in the band's specified input frequency range.
Zoom Window visibilities produced by CSP_Mid.CBF, when averaged to the same frequency channel resolution as non-zoom visibilities, and for spectrally flat signals with half-power bandwidths greater than 3 non-zoom visibility widths, shall
agree with normal visibilities to within +/-0.1% in amplitude and +/- 0.001 radians in phase, or +/-1.5 sigma, whichever is larger, for the same frequency range, integration time period, and stationary input data.
 After the pipe is in position with in the box end end blast station the radial rollers shall rise and the vrollers shall lower. 
For additional details on PAN Bobbin packaging, see attached drawing No SKETCH001.
For any VLBI beam-channel, in any Band, CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide a beamformed bandwidth of at least the central 82% of the beam-channel's sampled bandwidth for sampled bandwidths of 128 MHz or less and at least the central Frequency Slice processed bandwidth for sampled bandwidths of 224 MHz or greater.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall receive the packet metadata 1PPS (one pulse per second) and associated synchronized and locked UTC timestamp from SKA1
Mid receptors as specified in the DISH to CSP ICD and use the 1PPS and timestamp accordingly with the knowledge that
 it represents the SKA1 Mid telescope reference time with the highest accuracy possible for the associated receptor and,
 for each Band, there are an integer and identical number of samples between successive 1PPS markers.
Finish the surface so that deviations do not exceed 1/2 in. (15 mm), longitu-
dinal or transverse, when tested according to Subsection 401.3(L)(1).
 The operator shall have a local operator pushbutton station to transfer pipe in and indicate completion for pipe transfer out of the box end drift and threading protector station. 
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment shall in accordance with ISO 61310_2 or equivalent bear all markings necessary:
for its unambiguous identification;
 for its safe use;
and supplementary information shall be given, as appropriate:
 permanently on the machinery;
 in accompanying documents such as instruction
handbooks;
 on the packaging.
mtw will be used for machine wiring up to awg 1.00.
 Each box end drift and threading protector station shall have a fixed pipe stop. 
 When a pipe is detected at the fixed pipe stop the pipe shall automatically be lifted to the next station. 
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment that present a potential hazard shall display a label in accordance with ISO 7010 or equivalent.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall output VLBI beam data, individually configurable for each single or dual-polarization beam channel, to a sample word size of 2, 4, 8, or 16 bits.
 Each adjustable pipe stop shall ensure that only one pipe is loaded into the box end high speed threading station at a time. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall change the on-sky delay/phase centers, beam-channel center frequencies, and beam-channel channelized bandwidths of any VLBI beam on scan boundaries.
 Each threading line shall have a box end drift protector and alignment station. 
the bowl and the hopper must be made of non-corrosive material all vibrating parts and parts in contact with product must be non-magnetic all steel parts including hardened parts shall be nickel or zinc plated black oxide is not allowed because of rust concerns fasteners shall be zinc or nickel-plated wave washers must be used for assemblies.
the hmi needs to display the current shift timers, as well as the previous two shiftsí timers.
not allowed example without comments.
Each spindle shall allow approximately 300 mm (12 inches) of unsupported bobbin spool length to allow room for the Creel Loaders to grip and support bobbin spools while loading and unloading Creel.
The manufacturer shall furnish an analysis of each shipment showing the silicon content and, when required, such of the other elements specified in Table 1
electrical cabinets and enclosures will be painted using industrial standard code (ral 7035) (smooth glossy) ñ light grey ñ hoffman s052.
when possible, all subroutine calls should be made from the same program module.
The DSH, when in the operating state, shall continuously send to TM, estimated Az/El pointing positions, with a resolution of up to 100ms, corrected for locally applied corrections.
 The project shall incorporate a common station base design. 
The Supplier shall provide rigging and handling instructions prior to shipment.
When the tube is fired by the application of high power in cavity according to Drawing 162-JAN which is at resonance, the transmitted power obtained shall be less than that of a standard tube fill with pure hydrogen to a pressure of 25 mmHg. The power level at the input shall be sufficient to fire the rf gap of the tube and to insure that the measurement is being made on the flat part of the “power in the gap versus leakage power” characteristic. If the main discharge gap does not fire, it is caused to be fired by a short application of ignitor voltage.
For bands 5a and 5b the SKA1_Mid dish shall provide at least two simultaneous sub-bands for each polarisation, such that each of these bands is tuneable across the available RF frequency range with each of the centre frequencies selectable with resolution <= 10 MHz.
module status indicator lighting will be as follows
green light (solid): no faults present on module
green (flashing): quality check is switched off
yellow (solid): manual mode ñ not in automatic
yellow (flashing): parts bin out of parts
red and yellow (flashing): station out of parts
red (solid): station is faulted
red (flashing): station stopped - part failed caused by % counter of faults
green and yellow and red (solid): station is deactivated
green (solid) yellow (flashing): no faults, cycle time above limit.
Packaged LRU's and SRU's that require periodic maintenance during storage shall be
packaged in red-coloured containers.
Where applicable, CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide mounting guides and location pins on equipment to facilitate maintenance.
the product must not fall from the station or gripper in the event of sudden system air pressure loss for that purpose grippers must be equipped with a spring-loaded fallback mechanism, or a pneumatic safety valve that maintains the pressure in the actuator.
All machine guards shall be painted as follows: Prime coat: Sherwin Williams industrial wash primer, pale green, P60G2.
 No adjustment shall be necessary at the lift station for pipe outer diameter. 
 Timely receipt of component drawings and samples in specified quantities as well as timely responses to product assembly or commercial questions shall impact quoted delivery so the AEC shall receive all drawings and samples no later than one week ARO or quoted delivery time may be impacted. 
The counters in this subclause are instantiated for each port on which the Stream identification function (6.2) is configured. They are indexed by port number. Encoded as unsigned integers, they shall be 64 bits in length to ensure against excessively short wrap times when used on links on which transmission rate exceeds 650 000 000 bits per second.
American Society of Testing Materials (ASTM).
wire nuts are not allowed in junction boxes.
 Each pipe shall undergo threading. 
The DSH components shall be designed modular to enable easy removal and replacement of faulty line replaceable units.
CSP_Mid.CBF "off-the-shelf" equipment shall perform to specification as defined herein during operation under the environmental conditions as defined in the ETSI EN 300 019-1-3 standard for "Class 3.6: Telecommunication control room locations" or equivalent.
 The operator shall press a button on the local pushbutton station to transfer the pipe back out of the bucker station. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall automatically compensate VLBI beam-channel amplitudes to be RFI-flagging invariant.
Unless otherwise specified in the contract, the producer is responsible for the performance of all inspec_x0002_tion and test requirements specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract, the producer shall use his own, or any other suitable facilities for the performance of the inspection and test requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the purchaser. The purchaser shall have the right to perform any of the inspections and tests set forth in this specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to ensure that the material conforms to the prescribed requirements
Castings shall have gates and risers removed in such a manner that no riser or gate stub projects or a depression is made beyond or below the casting design contour in an amount that would exceed the values given in Table S52.1.
The ieee802-dot1cb-mask-and-match YANG module defined in this standard provides an additional Stream identification functionality by augmenting the Stream identification functionality provided by the ieee802-dot1cb-stream-identification module
The DSH shall enable patching and upgrade of software and firmware remotely.
each assembly operation will inspect for presence of parts at all times so as not to loose control of their location and positioning one shot programming for detectionís shall not be used; only continuous input shall be used.
gripper jaws will be of wear resistant material (heat treated or otherwise hardened) or wear coated when handling magnetic product components (electric motor components) grippers will be non-magnetic stainless steel grippers must support all product features in danger of being deformed through the assembly process.
A Re-Direct Roller System shall be provided at the front of the Creel to re-direct the yarn from the width of the Creel to the width of the production line as specified in paragraph 9.1.7.
the top of the conveyer as well as feeding tracks shall be 37 inches above the floor (with adjustable feet).
wiring identification: (laser brand or thermal transfer only) ¯ all wiring will have identification markings as follows for ease of troubleshooting:  alternate methods of wire marking may be acceptable but must include detailed wiring
schematics of origination and termination points between must show all connection points
between terminal blocks, plugs, cabinet interfaces, etc. wiring identification must be
maintained from orientation to termination without change (alternate method must be
approved by pinc tef department).
When sampled data connectivity is lost to a receptor, CSP_Mid.CBF shall flag any affected data as invalid and an alert raised, but otherwise normal operations continue.
all tools and fixtures in contact with the product will be hardened for wear resistance and coated to resist corrosion.
 Each station base shall be constructed of heavy wall structural tubing with telescoped legs for onsite precise leveling during installation. 
Except for steel investment castings, material furnished to this specification shall conform to the requirements of Specification A781/A781M, including any supplementary re_x0002_quirements that are indicated in the purchase order. Failure to comply with the general requirements of Specification A781/ A781M constitutes nonconformance with the specification. In case of a conflict between the requirements of this specification and Specification A781/A781M, this specification shall pre_x0002_vail
 Each pipe shall be escaped off of the entry conveyor onto the box end threading transfer table by paddle lift. 
a metal stamped identification tag will be glued or riveted to the main power disconnect with the following information: integrator, commission date, serial number, incoming volts, electrical frequency, maximum amps and maximum air consumption this tag shall be in the location of the main electrical supply connection 5 ft above the floor and shall be readable.
 Each paddle lift shall lift pipe off of the adjustable pipe stop and the pipe shall roll against the stop on the paddle lift. 
conveyors will transport product in Çreasonableí original packaging from component supplier repackaging of components to equipment specific bins is not desired.
all e-stop pushbuttons must, when pressed, remain in the actuated position to disengage, all estop pushbuttons must be turned and pulled out.
If tension specimens are to be machined from castings, their location in the casting, the specimen dimensions, and the required properties shall be agreed upon in writing by the foundry and purchaser
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment and operations shall comply with all applicable South African Occupational Health and Safety legislation and regulations in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
The interface between DISH and CSP_Mid.CBF shall be compliant with the SKA1 DISH to CSP Interface Control Document [SKA-TEL-SKO-0000124].
If the analysis of one of the tests specified in 9.1 does not conform to the requirements specified in Section 7, analyses shall be made on additional pipes of double the original number from the same lot, each of which shall conform to requirements specified
DSH shall provide the power and ground connection points up to the SADT equipment with the interconnection characteristics as defined in 300-000000-026.
Spare LRU’s and SRU’s shall be labelled with the following information, and shall be clearly visible when installed:
a) Item Supplier Name
b) Item Name as per Configuration Management System data
c) Item Part Number and Version as per Configuration Management System data. 
d) Item Serial Number where applicable.
e) Electronically readable code (bar code), containing all the above information.
 Pipe shall be received and queued from the upstream lift station against an adjustable pipe stop. 
DSH shall have the following Modes and report these modes to TM: 
a) SHUTDOWN
b) STARTUP 
c) STANDBY_LP 
d) STANDBY_FP 
e) STOW 
f) MAINTENANCE 
g) CONFIGURE 
h) OPERATE
With the tube operating as outlined in note 4, a small portion of the tube envelope shall be cooled by the application of solid CO2. The ratio of the minimum reading of the output meter (Po2) to that obtained before the application of solid CO2 (Po2) shall be less than the given value, and the final reading shall be less than the initial one.
The Supplier's equipment and system shall be designed for maximum personnel safety including, but not limited to, the following: Radiused corners on fabricated equipment.
The specified life is based on ignitor life only. This will be reduced if the tube is operated at full rated rf conditions.
Construct a permeable base course of aggregate and bituminous material mixed in a central plant
and spread and compacted on a prepared foundation.
grippers and gripper-jaws have to be mounted utilizing dowel-pin locating-holes.
The TM shall send each pointing command at a time that is more than 10 seconds before the desired future time by which the Dish is required to be pointing at the coordinates of the pointing command.
Exposed CSP_Mid.CBF:
1. corners shall be rounded to a radius not less than 13 millimeters or suitably protected with covers or coatings;
2. sharp edges shall be rounded to a radius not less than 0.75 millimeters.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall transmit Transient Buffer packets on the I.S1M.SDP_CSP.001 interface, as defined in the Interface ID I.S1M.SDP_CSP.001 section of the MID SDP to CSP Interface Control Document [300-000000-002].
The Engineer will measure cement-treated base course by the yd2 (m2) or by the individual
components for material and processing, as established in the contract.
The TM shall send in-maintenance status of items in the DSH structure of reporting.
 The assemblies of the vrollers shall be automatically lifted by either pneumatic or cylinders to the correct center line based on the pipe outer diameter recipe. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall be located in the KAPB building Central Processing Facility in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
Mortar joints shall be protected from rapid drying and from damage to plastic mortar while backfilling. To facilitate curing and to provide protection from drying, the mortar bands may be coated with a liquid membrane_x0002_forming compound conforming to ASTM Standard C309, Specifications for Liquid Membrane-Forming_x0002_Compounds for Curing Concrete, or the joint may be covered with plastic sheeting or other approved materials conforming to ASTM Standard C171, Specifications for Sheet Materials for Curing Concrete. The sheet materials also provide some protection to soft or plastic mortar during backfilling
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall apply CSP_Mid.LMC-provided polarization calibration corrections to each VLBI beam-channel individually before output.
Fixed Spindle Spacing:ëXí Axis: 1000 mm (39.37 inches) ëYí Axis:1000 mm (39.37 inches).
 Each of the vrollers shall then return to the up position and shall be prepared to accept the next pipe. 
all motors must be rated with 20% spare power for upgrades.
The DSH shall stow automatically if there is a failure of the power supply to the DSH. 
The container shall also carry, in a different location, the name and/or brand name of the wire manufacturer, and necessary instructions for storing and handling
All test specimens shall be suitably identified with the designation of either the batch-melted heat or the pour period of a continuous heat
Test signals produced by imperfections which cannot be identified, or produced by cracks or crack-like imperfections shall result in rejection of the pipe, unless it is repaired and retested. To be accepted, the pipe must pass the same specifi_x0002_cation test to which it was originally subjected, provided that the remaining wall thickness is not decreased below that permitted by this specification. The OD at the point of grinding may be reduced by the amount so reduced
 After the pipe returns from inspection the vrollers shall automatically drop to allow the pipe to roll to the next station. 
If, after testing, a specimen shows evidence of a defect, another tension test may be made on a companion specimen. Also, a retest shall be permitted whenever fracture occurs outside the central 50 % of the gage length.
Weld repair shall be permitted only subject to the approval of the purchaser and in accordance with Specification A530/A530M
Mid.CBF shall include provisions to preclude incorrect assembly to eliminate the possibility of equipment damage or mis-operation.
 Each box end pipe dope station shall have a paddle lift. 
At the request of the purchaser, one tensile test shall be performed by the manufacturer on a test specimen from each heat of steel furnished which has been either stress relieved at 1250°F or normalized at 1650°F, as specified by the purchaser. Other stress relief or annealing temperatures, as appropriate to the analysis, may be specified by agreement between the purchaser and the manufacturer. The results of this test shall meet the requirements of Table 1
DSH shall enable power cycling of all items that contain software-running processors, via the TM-DSH interface.
machine will be equipped with a main air valve with soft start when the machine is powered on and rapidly exhaust all line pressure when the machine is powered off.
The mass of any length of pipe shall not vary more than 10 % over and 3.5 % under that specified. Unless otherwise agreed upon between the manufacturer and the purchaser, pipe in NPS 4 [DN 100] and smaller may be weighed in convenient lots; pipe larger than NPS 4 [DN 100] shall be weighed separately
 Many station components shall be duplicated. 
the number of pallet shall not become a bottleneck for the overall throughput the minimal number of pallet is: (number of serial stations + number of parallel stations + number of pallet switches)*2.5 a detailed calculation should be discussed with pierburg.
bad parts ñ total number of bad ftq parts by shift run through the station.
 Each box end threading station shall have individual vrollers. 
The flattening test of Specification A530/A530M shall be made on a specimen from one end or both ends of each pipe. Crop ends may be used. If this supplementary requirement is specified, the number of tests per pipe shall also be specified. If a specimen from any length fails because of lack of ductility prior to satisfactory completion of the first step of the flattening test requirement, that pipe shall be rejected subject to retreat_x0002_ment in accordance with Specification A530/A530M and satisfactory retest. If a specimen from any length of pipe fails because of a lack of soundness, that length shall be rejected, unless subsequent retesting indicates that the remaining length is sound
All packets except the packet preceding 1PPS shall carry the same number of samples, forming a payload of 8000 bytes. The packet preceding 1 PPS carries the remainder of samples from the 1PPS cycle which may be any number up to the pre-agreed packet size of 8000 bytes.
The tension test specimens shall be cast to the form and dimensions shown in Fig. 1 or Fig. 2, in the same kind of molding material used for the production castings. At least three such specimens shall be cast from a representative ladle of iron either from each batch-melted heat or, in continuous melting, from each 4 h pour period during which the purchas_x0002_er’s castings were poured, or as otherwise agreed upon between manufacturer and purchaser
DSH shall provide the NSDN connection points up to the SADT NSDN Equipment with the interconnection characteristics as defined in 300-000000-026 (SADT-DSH ICD).
CSP_Mid.CBF rack acoustic noise emission sound pressure level shall not exceed 75 dBA measured at a distance of 1 meter, with the rack doors closed.
rung comments should be used to identify blocks of code and to provide additional details of the software particularly important for complex routines when identifying the start of the sequence, a reference to the section of the functional design specification must be added, where the function of the software is detailed.
Over the specified range of operating conditions and in the presence of an interfering tone that exceeds the nominal system noise power by 10 dB, spurious output products shall be suppressed by at least 63 dB (goal 78 dB) (TBC) relative to the interfering tone.
If a Base recovery function somehow gets out of step with its corresponding Sequence generation function, then after frerSeqRcvyResetMSec milliseconds, the Base recovery function will be reset and data will again be passed
CSP_Mid.CBF racks shall survive a main power interruption at any time, without requiring a repair activity to restore it once power is restored.
CSP_Mid.CBF VLBI beam-channel outputs shall be real data, sampled at the Nyquist rate.
All lifting lug welds shall be radiographic tested.
For each subarray and across configuration changes, including Band changes, power cycles, resets, and fault recoveries, CSP_Mid.CBF shall consistently and deterministically apply delay and phase tracking models to a precision of at least within +/- 1 sample time at the frequency resolution where they are applied and with accuracy to fundamental telescope reference time limited only by the accuracy of the best representation of telescope reference time available to CSP.
The total per-receptor RMS Relative Pointing Error under Standard Operating Conditions, between any two points within the full performance pointing range that are separated by up to 10° great circle distance and measured within a time interval of 100 seconds, shall be <= 2.6 arcsec RMS.
 Each box end end blast station shall have a paddle lift. 
spring loaded terminal strip connections can only be used in io blocks areas for wire terminations; all other terminations are to be screw type terminals.
Design shall be modular to minimize field installation requirements and allow alignment of spindles after installation.
 Each pipe shall stop plus or minus three hundredths of an inch inside the CNC threading machine. 
 The project shall incorporate only pneumatic and electric actuators and none of them shall be hydraulic. 
Latency from the time a measurement crosses an alarm set-point until the time it is signalled to TM shall be no more than 5 seconds.
{not compliant to L1}
When producing Pulsar Search beams, for any Band, the CSP_Mid.CBF Search Window beamforming bandwidth (before channelization) shall have spectral confusion of no more than -40 dB in amplitude and 0.01 radians in phase compared to an ideal beamformer provided with the same inputs.
 Each pipe shall be transferred by individually powered vrollers towards powered self centering vrollers which are also on the correct centerline height. 
Unless otherwise specified, pipe NPS 2 [DN 50] and over shall be furnished hot finished. When agreed upon between the manufacturer and the purchaser, it is permissible to furnish cold-drawn pipe
The SKA1 Dish components shall, as a minimum, comply with IEC 61000-6-2 on electromagnetic susceptibility / immunity.
Openings shall be fitted with a durable cover to prevent the entrance of foreign matter Seal with temporary gaskets if required to prevent rust.
This request is sent from the Origin Cloud to the Target Cloud in order to obtain information on all the Devices that are registered for the user that are in scope as defined by the Bearer Token on the Target Cloud.
The DSH Dish shall report all sensor values that are used to apply local pointing corrections, with a time stamp resolution of 100ms, and an absolute time accuracy of 1ms.
 Each pipe shall be lifted off of the fixed pipe stop and lowered onto the pin end dope and threading protector station vrollers by paddle lift. 
 Each pin end end blast station design shall be identical to that of the box end end blast station. 
Modules and components shall be mounted such that removal of any single item will not require the removal of other items (component stacking to be avoided where possible)
The SKA_MID DSH Dish external state model shall be in accordance with the LMC interface guideline [SKA-TEL-TM-0000031].
 Each box end threading inspection station shall have a paddle lift. 
The initial soil backfill, with the moisture content specified in paragraph 4.4.1.3, shall be noncohesive of a texture coarser than clay. (Soil will not ribbon in fingers when wet, or shall not have more than 30% by weight of material finer than 2 µ.) It shall be free from rocks or other pieces larger than 75 mm (3 in.), broken concrete, timber, roots, and other debris. The backfill shall be placed around the pipe in lifts uniformly on both sides to prevent displacement and consolidated to densities as given in the project specifications. The backfill shall cover the pipe to a depth of at least 150 mm (6 in.) for the full width of the trench and not more than seven sections of pipe behind the laying. If laying ceases for 2 h or more, the initial backfill shall be brought up to and cover the last completed joint. Backfilling while mortar bands are still plastic is permissible. If complete backfilling is not done at this time, the completion shall be delayed at least 20 h, but must be completed to the minimum specified cover or 0.6 m (2 ft), whichever is less, before water is put into the line.
Under precision and standard operating conditions the passband gain of each SKA1_Mid dish, within the -3 dB contour of the cross-polarized Jones pattern, shall not deviate by more than the following from a linear fit over fractional bandwidths of 0.1%:
1) 0.8% over SPF band 1 
2) 1.1% over SPF band 2 
3) 1.3% over SPF band 3 
4) 1.5% over SPF band 4 
5) 1.7% over SPF band 5a 
6) 2.0% over SPF band 5b
Bobbin Weight: 600 pounds.
The CSP_Mid.CBF visibility interface to SADT shall be compliant with the Interface ID I.S1M.SADT_CSP.005 section of the MID SADT to CSP ICD.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall use the packet counter defined in the DISH to CSP ICD to automatically detect and recover from lost packets without the need for any telescope calibration or other external action.
The dish element shall be able to change from observing in any frequency band, to observing in any other frequency band in less than or equal to 30 seconds.
{not compliant to L1}
CSP_Mid.CBF "off-the-shelf" LRU equipment shall as a minimum be CISPR 22 and 24 Class B or equivalent compliant.
DSH shall monitor the quality of power supply with a time resolution of 1second and report to TM as a sensor, including at least the following:
a) Voltage level
b) Power factor
c) Current (3 Phases and Neutral) d) Frequency
The structural frames shall be adequately designed and braced to accommodate process loads without undergoing permanent deflection in the event of mechanical component failure or process upset conditions.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall configure the Pulsar Search beamforming channel response, within the channelizer physical implementation that meets the beamformer channel response, to a different pre-calculated response, without interruption of processing.
all sensors will have 'quick disconnect' fittings between the sensor and the termination point.
equipment controls shall have a high-speed modem for offsite accessed by system integrator to support troubleshooting and upgrades system integrator to coordinate equipment and protocol with pierburg inc information technology officer.
 The warranty shall not include modifications to the design for any reason other than errors or omissions. 
 For a truly successful project the work performed must be properly documented for future maintenance and troubleshooting and your project documentation shall result in a lower Total Cost of Ownership  over the life of the equipment. 
Under Degraded Operating Conditions, Antenna efficiency at 15 GHz shall not degrade to less than 92% of the efficiency stated in R.D.P.1.
Electrical circuit inter-locks shall be provided to prevent personnel coming into contact with hazards that cannot otherwise be eliminated from design.
DSH shall be able to be in MAINTENANCE mode when in either FULL_POWER or in LOW_POWER state.
Fabricated stainless steel shall be ìLî grade stainless steel unless otherwise noted.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall apply independent dynamic weights to each receptor contributing to each tied-array beam, including the ability to exclude individual receptors. Note: weights will come from CSP_Mid.LMC but may be modified within CSP_Mid.CBF by flagging.
When commanded, for each subarray, CSP_Mid.CBF shall measure the power of each receptor sample stream for the noise diode ON signal condition and the noise diode OFF signal condition, wherein the ON/OFF switching pattern and dwell times may be:
1. different for each receptor,
2. random or periodic,
3. ON or OFF for arbitrarily long periods of time.
All disassembled joints shall be match-marked for ease of re-assembly in the field The Supplierís assembly drawings shall include all match-mark numbers for the Creel frame and components to facilitate field assembly.
Equipment that, when improperly operated or handled, may jeopardise the safety of personnel or result in a hazardous situation, shall be clearly marked to such effect.
Cure and protect lime-fly ash-treated subgrade and base courses as
specified in Subsection 308.3(J).
The Dish Element shall supply its own UPS for the following critical functions: a) Local Monitoring and Control (LMC) for a period of 5 minutes.
b) Communication to TM for a period of 5 minutes.
c) Stowing the Dish under the Extreme Operating Conditions. Reduced servo performance will be allowed.
Surface imperfections that penetrate more than 121⁄2 % of the nominal wall thickness or encroach on the minimum wall thickness shall be considered defects. Pipe with such defects shall be given one of the following dispositions:
 Each box end threading inspection station frame shall be constructed of welded structural members. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall format and transmit VLBI beam data packets to external VLBI equipment as defined in the MID CSP to VLBI ICD.
The TM shall send pointing commands, as individual Pointing Coordinate Sets with an update rate of not more than 10Hz, to the DSH Dish.
The DSH shall report serial numbers for hardware components that provide digitally readable serial numbers
Major equipment items supplied by the Supplier shall be fitted with a securely mounted stainless steel nameplate displaying the following information: All numbers and letters shall be minimum 0.25î high and die stamped.
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment connected to the CPF electrical network shall be compliant with the IEC 61000-4-5 standard or equivalent for Surge immunity under standard test conditions and setups in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
DSH shall report the following DSH Capability States for all five frequency bands: 
a) UNAVAILABLE
b) STANDBY
c) CONFIGURING
d) OPERATE_DEGRADED 
e) OPERATE
 Each threading line should have a box end end blasting station. 
The DSH shall report the following events to TM: 
- Target lock achieved
- Changes in states and modes
- Others TBD
transport pallet shall be used to transport the product pallet will not be used as fixtures for critical operations pierburg inc must approval deviations from this specification if pallet are used as fixtures then each measurement must have a capability (cpk) > 1.0.33 the measurement report has to be provided to pierburg inc. .
CSP_Mid.CBF shall remain Operationally Capable when any one processing LRU fails.
length of workbench is min 35î and optimally 60î.
cycle time ñ actual time between pieces from a standard action on the machine.
The CSP_Mid.CBF rack air cooling interface shall be in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD. It is expected that the rack air cooling will never exceeding the allowable range:
1. Airflow direction: racks ingest cool air from the cold aisle at the front of the racks and exhaust hot air from the rear of the racks into the hot aisle.
2. Cool air temperature: ambient air in the cold aisles of the CPF remains between 15 and 32 °C.
3. Cool air temperature rate of change: <= 20°C per hour.
4. Cool air humidity: non-condensing, 20% - 80% relative humidity (RH)
5. Cool air humidity rate of change: <=5% RH per hour, no condensation.
6. Air pressure: local atmospheric pressure +-20%.
rung titles: every rung (or network) should have as a minimum a title the rung title will generally be based on the output function of the rung.
The DSH Element Lightning Protection System shall protect sub-elements against lighting flashes in accordance to IEC62305 LPL III.
Product: Bobbin with Precursor 24 K PAN.
when the station is in manual mode or the robot is in teach mode, the robot shall move at only 1.00% of full velocity with reduced torque.
all test related equipment is required to have isolated dc power supplies when used for measuring or testing applications.
 The project schedule shall be delivered soon after the Notification to Proceed. 
Under precision and standard operating conditions, each SKA1_Mid dish shall achieve
Dish sensitivity (averaged) of at least 6.31 m2/K in both polarization channels over SPF band 5b.
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment connected to the CPF electrical network shall be compliant with the IEC 61000-4-8 standard or equivalent for power frequency magnetic field immunity under standard test conditions and setups in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
 Each lift station shall have a fixed pipe stop. 
The DSH shall provide a self-description on request from the TM. Through self-description the DSH provides information that describes the content of the interface, including a set of valid commands, parameters, monitoring points, alarms and events.
The visibility interface between SDP and CSP_Mid.CBF shall be compliant with the Interface ID I.S1M.SDP_CSP.001 section of the MID SDP to CSP ICD.
when an e-stop is triggered, the robot drives must be de-energized so motion stops.
When commanded, for each VLBI subarray, CSP_Mid.CBF shall form VLBI beams using any selected SKA1_Mid receptors in the subarray, with no limit to the separation of receptors in the subarray.
Supplierís purchased components may be supplied with their factory coatings if suitable for high temperature environment of maximum 150∫F.
 Each box end high speed threading station shall be constructed of welded structural members. 
 Preliminary FAT criteria are shown below and the AEC and Welded Tube shall develop a formal FAT procedure during the project and this procedure shall become the contractual document stipulating factory acceptance of the equipment. 
Where deviation and conflicts exist between the Purchaserís documents, data, codes, standards, etc. the Supplier shall contact the Purchaser for clarification and resolution.
The Creel modules shall be designed and fabricated to ship assembled in large sections with all components mounted and wired to reduce field assembly time.
Test specimens for the bend test specified in 11.2 shall be cut from one end of the pipe and, unless otherwise specified, shall be taken in a transverse direction. One test specimen shall be taken as close to the outer surface as possible and another from as close to the inner surface as possible. The specimens shall be either 1⁄2 by 1⁄2 in. [12.5 by 12.5 mm] in section or 1 by 1⁄2 in. [25 by 12.5 mm] in section with the corners rounded to a radius not over 1⁄16 in. [1.6 mm] and need not exceed 6 in. [150 mm] in length. The side of the samples placed in tension during the bend shall be the side closest to the inner and outer surface of the pipe respectively
thhn will be used for awg 8 and larger wiring.
communication wiring will be shielded to prevent emi interference.
Because of the complexity of these factors in influ_x0002_encing the properties of the final product, no precise quantita_x0002_tive relationship can be stated between the properties of the iron in various locations of the same casting or between the properties of a casting and those of a test specimen cast from the same iron. When such a relationship is important and must be known for a specific application, it may be determined by appropriate experimentation
All castings of Grades N-2, 60-30 [415-205], 65-35 [450-240], 70-36 [485-250], and 70-40 [485-275] shall be heat treated by annealing, normalizing, normalizing and tempering, or quenching and tempering. Unless otherwise specified in the inquiry, contract, or order, the castings may be heat treated by any one or combination of these heat treatments at the option of the manufacturer.
 If the pipe recipe is not premium thread then the pipe shall be transferred through the box end end blast station and escaped onto the box end end blast station vrollers by paddle lift and vrollers shall lower the pipe onto the transfer table to roll to the next station. 
equipment shall detect proper presence, placement and orientation of all loaded components in the correct amount two possible methods listed in order of preference are: a) mechanical mating feature blocking missing parts, multiple parts (e.g. insulators, washers), incorrect parts, incorrect orientation, or incorrect placement b) control logic to block missing parts, multiple parts (e.g. insulators, washers), incorrect parts, incorrect orientation, or incorrect placement.
An Origin Cloud shall include unaltered in the requestURI of the request sent to the Target Cloud any query parameters received over the Device to Cloud connection
The direct physical (Layer 1) interface of CSP_Mid.CBF to the inner 153 SKA1_Mid receptors shall be as defined in the DISH to CSP Interface Control Document [SKA-TEL-SKO-0000124].
The total per-receptor Tracking Stability Error Circle diameter under Standard Operating Conditions, maintained while tracking a celestial target anywhere within the full performance pointing range over a time interval of 1000 seconds, shall be <= 18 arcsec.
Prior to starting fabrication the Supplier and the Supplierís approved Sub-Suppliers shall submit the following for Purchaser approval: Weld Specifications.
The DSH shall be fully functional when operated under the Precision, Standard, Degraded and Extreme Operating Conditions throughout the required Deployed Lifetime.
Any DSH equipment located at weather protected locations provided by other Elements shall be subjected to the conditions defined in the relevant ICD's.
communication wiring will be run separately from ac inductive load wiring (> 65 volts).
 The project shall include the general equipment concepts and benefits to Welded Tube. 
All Engineering documents and data listed in the Vendor Data Requirements Form including but not limited to the following: Priced Critical Spares List.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall transmit packets with payload size according to the Interface
ID I.S1M.SDP_CSP.001 section of the MID SDP to CSP ICD.

When commanded and for each subarray, CSP_Mid.CBF shall respond to a Transient (capture) Trigger from CSP_Mid.LMC such that, for the case of 8-bit sampling, dual polarization, and 1 Search Window, it captures data from each receptor in the subarray for at least 2 seconds before and 20 seconds after the "Transient Epoch", defined as when the sky transient event arrived at the phase center of the subarray, and additionally flexibly trading off digitized bit width and/or number of Search Windows for at least 8 seconds before and 80 seconds after the Transient Epoch for the case of 2-bit sampling, dual-polarization, and 1 Search Window.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall produce visibilities in support of VLBI with the following characteristics:
1. include all polarization products of all baselines including autocorrelations, for all receptors in the VLBI subarray;
2. have visibility channel response: maximum +/-0.1 dB amplitude and +/-0.01 radian phase passband (channel edge-to-edge) ripple; -3 dB +/-0.2 dB channel edge amplitude; monotonically decreasing amplitude from the channel edge to the adjacent channel far edge; at least -60 dB reject-band amplitude anywhere greater than the 1 channel width away from the channel edge;
3. have no detectable and uncorrectable amplitude variations as a function of time, after RFI flagging, and not due to RFI;
4. have at least 98% correlation efficiency, after RFI flagging, for residual unflagged RFI power <10% in the channel samples;
5. have no spurious spectral products in visibilities: (a) RFI- sourced: none above -60 dB relative to the (RFI) progenitor(s) for integration times up to 24 hrs; (b) non- RFI-sourced: none that don't integrate down as noise.
6. have integration times between 0.14 seconds +/-2% to 1.4 seconds +/-2%, configurable in steps within that range of at least as small as the minimum integration time or better;
7. have the same temporal cadence phase across Frequency Slices within the same Band (i.e. visibility timestamps are all aligned/"in-step" in time);
8. require no Time Centroid Index (TCI) calculation;
9. require no channel averaging or Channel Centroid Index (CCI) calculation;
10. linear channel-to-channel spacing across Frequency Slices within the same Band.
Castings failing to conform to the required hardness range may be reheat treated and retested. If after reheat treating they still fail the hardness requirements, they shall be rejected.
 Two identical threading line shall be provided. 
While the CSP_Mid.CBF Administrative Mode is set to ONLINE or MAINTENANCE, CSP_Mid.CBF shall detect all utilized sub- element LRU to LRU and LRU to external LRU communication path faults with a detection probability of at least 99%.
Packaged LRU's and SRU's shall have the following markings securely attached on the outside of the packaging container:
a) Mode of transport "careful transportation"
b) "This side up" label
c) "Fork lift here" label, where applicable
d) Centre of gravity marking, where applicable
e) Packaged Item Identification plate, with identification data completed, as specified in
R.D.RPA.1
f) Where applicable, tamper proof labels for "wrong way up" and "excessive acceleration" g) ESD warnings where applicable
If any specimen is machined improperly or if flaws are revealed by machining or during testing, the specimen may be discarded and another substituted from the same heat.
When commanded and with the CSP_Mid.CBF Administrative Mode set to OFFLINE, CSP_Mid.CBF shall isolate 95% of all failures down to a LRU level.
 The project inputs and outputs shall be defined to include customer specification and other information. 
The CSP_Mid.CBF rack count shall not exceed 28 in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
supplier will design equipment for fast change over time (5 minutes or less total line change over time) using quick change out tooling and fixtures.
Use equipment capable of automatically metering liquids with a variation of no more than
±2.0 percent by weight of liquids.
 Powered radial rollers shall rise and the vrollers shall lower. 
Furthermore, the 'LanguagePreferredComponentDef' elements in the 'LanguagePreferredList' element can be reordered according to the language preference settings of the user's system or environment. For example, a CFR resource can specify a 'LanguagePreferredList' element such as the following:
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall process up to 1400 MHz per polarization of contiguous RF (sky) data within the Band 3 band of interest.
all actuators (servos, pneumatic cylinders) must be operable through the hmi.
 The expenses related to disposal of toxic chemicals or hazardous byproduts associated with pretrial provisional and final runoff of the components of the assembly of the customer shall also be the assumed responsibility of the customer and although the customer is responsible for the expense of the items outlined above the AEC shall assist with the necessary material handling and delivery arrangements 
The Creel framework shall be fabricated from carbon steel tubular shapes, either square or rectangular, appropriately sized for the application in accordance with Section 3.0, unless specified otherwise.
 The quench and temper material handling equipment is being manufactured to CSA Z432 04 and the threading equipment shall be manufactured the same way with incorporated Category Four safety requirements. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall operate in compliance with the SKA1 Power Quality Standard Specification [SKA-TEL-SKO-00000293] in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA Interface Control Document [300-000000-020].
 Each pin end threading inspection station design shall be identical to that of the box end threading inspection station. 

While tracking at nominal tracking rates over the accessible elevation range, the Dish shall be capable of executing a 30' step in either mount axis or combined, in less than 5 seconds (TBC).
The definition of precision is shown in 3.4.2. LL corresponds to true positive samples; the sum of LL and Les corresponds to the sample judged as positive by the algorithm
 Each pipe shall gravity roll to the fixed stop at the lifting station. 
vertical toe clearance should be 4î.
Outside end of wire shall bear a tag containing only the manufacturer’s identification; inside end of coil shall be bent over the tie at the inside diameter
all teach pendants must have a ìdead manî switch requiring the operator to use two-hands (one hand for the dead-man, one hand for the motion) when making any manual motion.
all movements (servo, stepper, magnetic, pneumatic cylinder) will be dynamic controlled monitored (e.g. each cylinder will be controlled in home and working position).
 Each pipe shall undergo threading. 
 Each threading line should have a pin end end blasting station. 
 Quoted prices and lead times shall be firm based on the resolution of any preidentified open issues and pricing and lead times may be subject to revision if the product project scope assigned project personnel delivery requirements payment terms or project specifications are modified by the customer. 
Where possible, software and hardware description language related deliverables should comply with the "Fundamental SKA Software and Hardware Description Language Standards” (SKA-TEL-SKO-0000661)
 Site Acceptance Testing SAT shall be performed at the facility of the customer after the equipment is installed and running using production materials and with the machine set up and running properly with all safety equipment in place using AEC personnel and trained operators to run the machine. 
The sum of the switch ON and switch OFF times of the calibration signal (measured from the edge of the applied switching signal till the calibration signal reaches 50% of its final value) shall not exceed 30 microsec, with jitter <= 100 ns RMS.
 The seller shall not warranty standard maintenance of products and failure to perform maintenance as would be considered standard on similar equipment or which have been subject to misuse neglect or accident will invalidate any warranty for the Products in whole or part. 
Sufficient material shall be removed from the cast surface to ensure that the measured surface is representative
PIP PCSPS010D Small General Purpose Packaged Equipment Instrumentation Data Sheet.
 All pipe used for acceptance shall meet API 5CT or 5L if applicable specifications. 
correct example for plc program documenting.
 Each of the vrollers shall then return to the up position and shall be prepared to accept the next pipe. 

CSP_Mid.CBF shall not exhibit safety hazards in Categories I or II (ISO 45001) following an unplanned loss of main electrical power or main control functions.
 The vrollers shall transfer the pipe into the box end end blast station where the pipe shall encounter a proximity switch and stop after a preprogammed amount of time has elapsed which shall depend upon the pipe outer diameter recipe. 
 The operator shall have a local operator pushbutton station to transfer pipe in and indicate completion for pipe transfer out of the box end threading inspection station. 
bad rework parts ñ total number of bad rework parts by shift.
Wire shall be capable of being uncoiled from both the inside and the outside of the coil.
The signal content shall be in the following frequency ranges, in the transmitted data: 
a) Band 1: 0.35 - 1.05 GHz
b) Band 2: 0.95 - 1.76 GHz
c) Band 3: 1.65 - 3.05 GHz, 2nd Nyquist Zone
d) Band 4: 0.30 - 2.68 GHz 
e) Band 5a: 0.25 - 2.75 GHz 
f) Band 5b: 0.25 - 2.75 GHz
a quick dump gate should be constructed into any bowl that is designed to run more than one style or size of part.
 The vrollers shall transfer the pipe into the box end threading station where the pipe shall encounter a proximity switch and slow down before entering the powered self centering vrollers. 
 Each threading line shall have a pine end dope applications station. 
When commanded and the CSP_Mid.CBF Administrative Mode set to OFFLINE, CSP_Mid.CBF built-in diagnostic self-
test capability shall detect and report 99% of all critical sub- element failures.
 We shall provide engineering drawings in AutoCAD format computer software and documentation user manual maintenance manual preventive maintenance schedule bill of material configuration and setup information safety information and troubleshooting information and all documentation shall be provided on three CDs and printed upon request from the customer. 
All packaging of items used in CSP_Mid.CBF shall be marked to uniquely identify the contents in accordance with the SKA Logistics Analysis Plan. The identification is by part number and serial number.
end-of-stroke cylinder sensors must monitor every pneumatically triggered actuator movement end of stroke cylinder switches must be solid state reed switches are not permitted functional failures must be displayed on the hmi and must correspond to the labeling of the actuator and end-of-stoke switch valve banks and cylinder sensors must be equipped with an led indicating the signal status end-of-stroke switches must be supplied with sensors to support fast exchange and must feature a led to display the signal status.
 The software warranty shall not apply to any software that has been modified except by the seller and the warranty shall not apply to any software commercial or custom on a computer that has been modified with either hardware or software upgrade or replacement. 
drive image ñ software for cloning a hard drive.
National Electric Code (NEC).
parts totes shall be strategically spaced so that the shortest arm reach is used to avoid overstretching parts bins will not exceed 25 lbs when loaded with raw material.
 When commanded, for each sub-array independently
 CSP_Mid.CBF shall form visibility products from all SKA1_Mid
 receptors in the subarray, including up to all 197 SKA1_Mid
 receptors, as follows:
1. all combinations of receptors, including with themselves;
 (i.e. if there are N receptors in a subarray, there are
 Nx(N+1)/2 such combinations, each one sometimes
 referred to as a baseline),
2. within each particular combination, all 4 polarization
 product permutations; (i.e. for polarizations "A" and
 "B", AxA, AxB, BxA, BxB),
3. for each particular polarization product permutation of each
 particular receptor combination, identical receptor visibility
channels (i.e. frequencies) across the entire or selected portion of the processed bandwidth of the given Band are complex-correlated (i.e. sum of (X x Y*) OR sum of (X* x
 Y), where * denotes the complex-conjugate) and,
4. there is no "dead time", i.e. un-flagged sample products
 missing from any output visibility product.
While the CSP_Mid.CBF Administrative Mode is set to ONLINE or MAINTENANCE, CSP_Mid.CBF shall detect and report 99% of all
Critical Failures.
The Dish, while in any mode, shall present no hazard to neither the Dish or its supporting infrastructure equipment, nor to operators or maintainers of the Dish or its infrastructure equipment, with categorization exceeding the levels defined in the SKA Project Safety Management Plan [ref].
The Purchaser shall furnish the following: Lighting for operation maintenance.
The power spectral density of the switchable calibration signal shall be equivalent to 5 - 13% of Tsys (range inclusive), averaged over any 1 MHz bandwidth across the specified frequency range and with Tsys computed for Cold sky at the lowest specified elevation angle.
 Each pipe shall be lifted onto the next transfer table. 
All Engineering documents and data listed in the Vendor Data Requirements Form including but not limited to the following: Foundation Loads and Anchorage Details including flatness tolerance and other requirements on floor.
if pallet with rf tags and no part barcode are used for tracking, the conveyor belt must be guarded by a transparent cover to prevent unauthorized access.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall communicate
to CSP_Mid.LMC all time-dependent receptor weights calculated and applied internally to any tied-array beam sum, with at least the temporal resolution of the currently configured
subarray visibility integration time (or 1.4 seconds if none are currently being produced), and with the frequency resolution of the channelized bandwidth of each beam.
DSH shall supply a payload packet generator with the ability to set fields and errors within the test payload via command-line or GUI interface.
Creel modules and components shall be assembled by the Supplier at their facility to ensure bolt hole alignment and proper fit of components prior to shipping The Purchaser reserves the right to inspect the equipment prior to disassembly and shipment Any deficiencies or deviations from the agreed-to specifications found during the inspection shall be revised and corrected at no charge to the Purchaser.
Stands shall be placed at each inlet to a concrete irrigation pipe system and at such other points as required. All stands shall be installed on a base adequate to support the stand and to prevent undue movement or stress on the pipeline. All stands shall serve as vents in addition to their other functions as follows
When commanded and processing data from Band 5a, CSP_Mid.CBF shall accept two streams (5a1 and 5a2) of dual polarization digitized data from each SKA1_Mid receptor. For each stream:
1. the sample rate is 5.94+k*3/2*delta_f/1e9 Gsamples/sec.
2. the bandwidth of the band of interest is 2.5 GHz
3. the sky RF center frequency may be TM-defined tuned anywhere between f_c_rf=5.85 and f_c_rf=7.25 GHz
4. the center frequency of the band of interest in the digitized signal is f_c_boi=1.485-k*9/8*delta_f/1e9 + f_shift GHz
5. has the same frequency sense as RF and
6. has net downconversion frequency of f_c_rf_c_boi=f_c_rf- f_c_boi
Where: k=positive integer defined for each receptor by CSP_Mid.LMC, delta_f=1800 Hz, f_shift is CSP_Mid.LMC-defined anywhere in the range of at least +/-1/2 Frequency Slice processed bandwidth with at least 0.01 MHz tuning resolution, and k*3/2*delta_f does not exceed 4 MHz.
Stainless steel and plated surfaces shall not be painted, unless otherwise specified.
 Every project shall operate within the Quality Management System of the AEC which is registered to ISO 9001 2008 standards. 
 Each transfer table shall be similarly designed and located between previous and next operation. 
Provisions for the preclusion of mounting the wrong module shall be provided (key coding of connectors etc.).
For all SKAO-defined RFI use cases in all Bands, but for the case of unflagged visibility spectral channel
samples containing more than 10% of their power as RFI, when commanded CSP_Mid.CBF shall maintain maximal correlation efficiency on the sky signal of interest within the processed bandwidths for all Bands, by taking reasonable measures, which do not appreciably increase cost, complexity, or
power. Reasonable measures include either:
1. maintaining at least 4 ENOB on the sky signal of interest, with or without independent per-channel CSP_Mid.LMC-enabled/disabled automatic gain control, provided doing so is not a cost or power driver (preferred) or,
2. maintaining at least 4 ENOB on the total signal, with independent per-channel CSP_Mid.LMC-enabled/disabled automatic gain control to optimally quantize the total signal.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall have an Inherent Availability (Ai) of at least 99.9% while operationally capable.
all outputs that involve motion should be on a separate output card that has the power dropped out when an e-stop is triggered.
CSP_Mid.CBF rack and LRU equipment shall be RoHS
2 (2011/65/EU) certified in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
any machine condition that may cause equipment damage shall be prevented by design or by means of detection mechanical overload clutches or devices with a status to the control system shall protect against damage to the equipment from mechanical failures.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall use packet addressing provided to CSP_Mid.CBF according to the Interface
ID I.S1M.SDP_CSP.001 section of the MID SDP to CSP ICD.
Components and systems shall be inspected and tested at the Supplierís facility prior to shipment.
PIP ELSPS01 Electrical Requirements for Packaged Equipment.
 The project shall include installation and startup. 
TM shall control DSH using the DSH external state model.
 The operator training shall include a review of safety means and devices startup shutdown setup transition between modes alarms maintenance messages and warnings general description of the installation including description of assemblies and subassemblies and identification of equipment. 
 The project shall incorporate an electrical system. 
 Each box end threading inspection station shall have individual vrollers. 
The spindles shall be cantilevered live shaft design and heavy duty construction with two fixed bearings at one end The diameter and grade of steel shafting for spindle shafts shall be selected to minimize deflection under full bobbin weight at the unsupported end.
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment connected to the CPF electrical network shall be compliant with the IEC 61000-4-6 standard or equivalent for immunity to conducted disturbances, induced by radio- frequency fields under standard test conditions and setups in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
wire ways will have 1.00 - 1.05% additional control wiring.
The total per-receptor RMS Blind Pointing Error under Precision Operating Conditions and computed over the full performance pointing range shall be <= 9 arcsec RMS.
control panels will be easily accessible.
 Threaded pipe shall be queued out of the box end threading station against the adjustable pipe stop. 
The microstructure of the malleable iron shall consist of temper carbon nodules distributed through a ferritic matrix and shall be free of excessive pearlite, massive carbides, and primary graphite.
While the CSP_Mid.CBF Administrative Mode is set to ONLINE or MAINTENANCE, CSP_Mid.CBF shall detect and report Single Event Upsets (SEUs) independently of manifestation through programmable logic device malfunction.
Heat treatment shall be performed after castings have been allowed to cool from the pouring temperature to below the transformation range
CSP_Mid.CBF rack equipment shall have a power factor in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
width of workbench will be 30î to allow worker enough space to perform comfortably.
 Each pipe shall rest against the adjustable pipe stop at the exit conveyor. 
 The maintenance training shall include document and drawing review basic diagnostics location of control system components electrical overview and software overview. 
The framework shall be clean design to minimize the build-up of dust on all surfaces.
The DISH shall map the external state model to internal states and modes for control and monitoring.

The TM shall provide a “tunnelling” capability to access engineering interfaces of sub-elements remotely.
The total per-receptor RMS Tracking Stability Error under Standard Operating Conditions, maintained while tracking a celestial target anywhere within the full performance pointing range over a time interval of 1000 seconds, shall be <= 4.6 arcsec RMS.
DSH, when in the STOW mode, and when in FULL_POWER state, shall be able to change frequency bands.
DSH shall provide the layout and mounting of SADT equipment with the mechanical, thermal and environmental characteristics as defined in 300-000000-026 (SADT-DSH ICD).
CSP_Mid.CBF shall accommodate, and automatically and continuously compensate for unknown and slowly changing but constrained sampled data transmission delays from SKA1_Mid receptors between 1 microsecond and 1 millisecond, measured from the physical SADT-DSH DDBH (I.S1M.SADT_DSH.001) interface boundary to the physical SADT-CSP DDBH (I.S1M.SADT_CSP.009) interface boundary or directly from DSH from the physical I.S1M.DSH_CSP.001 egress boundary in the receptor to the ingress boundary of the same in CSP_Mid.CBF.
Yarn Guides shall be provided along the Creel length to guide yarn to the creel exit to prevent tangling and maintain take-off position to combs Each yarn guide shall be adjustable across the sheet width.
tooling will be designed in a manner that causes no cosmetic damage to the product being produced.
The DSH shall report monitoring points that are required for preventive maintenance, as identified in the FMECA analysis.
all ac motors should be 480v, 3-phase, 60hz unless otherwise stated.
Mounting guides and location pins shall be provided to facilitate module mounting.
Steel Structures Painting Council (SSPC).
A request to this API may be invoked by the Origin Cloud on completion of account linking. Where the Origin Cloud supports the behaviour defined in OCF Device to Cloud Services this may also be invoked by reception of a RETRIEVE to "/oic/res" of the OCF Cloud Resource Directory from an OCF Client
Each SKA1_Mid dish, under Standard and Degraded Operating Conditions (including orientation changes), shall have a phase stability of <= 20° peak to peak over time scales of 5 seconds up to 5 minutes.
All gear reducers shall be steel construction, AGMA Class II, AGMA Quality 390 or better, minimum efficiency or 97%, minimum service factor 2.0 parallel shaft, helical reducers as manufactured by Falk.
Items identified as OLM Spare Items, shall be interchangeable with items of the same Part Number and Version with no calibration, tuning or special alignment.
 The project shall include Project Specifications. 
 The project shall include a Sequence of Operations and the Sequence shall be identical for both threading lines. 
 The AEC shall encourage direct contact between the customer and the design staff continuously through the project however all communication regarding schedule cost delivery and or changes to the project shall be conducted through and approved by the Project Manager. 
All radii at steps in shafting shall be smooth and free of defects.
The three frame sections shall be connected together across the top of the frames to compensate for eccentric loads into each frame section and provide stability in a unitized framework Each frame shall be internally braced to provide a rigid frame to compensate for yarn tension during operation.
 The project shall have a general warranty. 
all robots shall be designed to run at a maximum of 90% of full velocity, acceleration, and deceleration for the purposes of life expectancy.
 Each box end drift and threading protector station frame shall be constructed of welded structural members. 
When commanded for each subarray, CSP_Mid shall capture into a Transient buffer selectable 2-bit, 4-bit, or 8-bit quantized dual- polarization voltage data selectable from one or both of the Search Windows, post-delay and phase corrected.
The Supplier's equipment and system shall be designed for maximum personnel safety including, but not limited to, the following: Warning signs.
 In no case shall the liability of the seller exceed the cost for repair or replacement of the defective item whether hardware or software. 
DSH shall continuously record a backup monitoring buffer with detailed monitoring information in a circular buffer with a time window of at least 12 hours.
When commanded, for each subarray CSP_Mid.CBF shall form Pulsar Timing beams using any selected receptors within
the subarray that are separated by at most 20,000 meters.
in line splicing is not authorized for any reason.
Pointing coordinate set
The Pointing Coordinate Set shall consist of the following:
a) Azimuth coordinate in the Dish's local reference system,
b) Elevation coordinate in the Dish's local reference system,
c) Desired future time by which the Dish is required to be pointing to the coordinates.
Pointing coordinates will be corrected for refraction, and the time stamp will include time corrections specific to the DSH Dish.
 The total project solution shall include complete training for operators or other pertinent individuals of twelve hours of class time divided into two six hour sessions. 
While the CSP_Mid.CBF Administrative Mode is set to ONLINE or MAINTENANCE, CSP_Mid.CBF shall perform diagnostic tests to detect and isolate LRU and sub-element faults.
The DSH Dish shall report Az/El pointing estimations with a time stamp, with an absolute time accuracy of 1ms.
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment items identified in the SKA Logistics Analysis and Configuration Item Plan as needing individual characterisation shall be marked with a label displaying a unique Serial Number and Part Number. The label should normally be in an easily visible location but may also include embedded identification for items such as embedded firmware/software.
all mechanical drive components shall have timing marks to verify alignment.
The Supplier shall furnish all equipment, controls, data, drawings, etc. defined in the Purchaserís documents and data including, but not limited to, the following major components: All members and components required to adequately support the Creel sections.
parts shall be gravity fed to the front of the bin for easy retrieval by operator.
CSP_Mid.CBF LRU equipment that radiate electromagnetic emissions in the SKA1 frequency range and that aren't within a shielded enclosure of a higher level LRU, shall at a minimum be compliant with the IEC 61000-6-4 standard or equivalent for conducted and radiated emissions under standard test conditions and setups in the SKA Mid telescope frequency range as specified in the SKA EMI/EMC Standards and Procedures [SKA-TEL-SKO- 0000202].
Mix the lime and water into the soil to form a uniform, homogeneous mixture with
100 percent passing a 3-in. (75-mm) sieve. Reshape the mixed layer to the specified line,
grade, and cross section. For Class 1 and 2 stabilization, seal the surface with a roller. For
Class 3 stabilization, compact and finish.
The Dish Structure shall have a minimum Deployed Lifetime of 50 years and the SPF, SPFRx and LMC shall have a minimum Deployed Lifetime of 10 years.
The DSH Element Lightning Protection System shall conduct the lightning current to earth in accordance to IEC62305 LPL III.
the work surface should not exceed 42 inches above the floor (5 inches above the table top).
The total per-receptor Relative Pointing Error Circle diameter under Precision Operating Conditions, between any two points within the full performance pointing range that are separated by up to 10° great circle distance and measured within a time interval of 100 seconds, shall be <= 6.5 arcsec.
 Each pipe shall roll to the fixed stop at the box end drift and threading protector station. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall comply with all local Occupational Health and Safety legislation and regulations applicable to the SA observatory site and its operations.
 Welded Tube shall be responsible for unloading of all equipment at installation site and locating equipent at installation site under AEC supervision. 
The spindle shall be steel construction and designed for a bobbin loading sensor to be mounted in the end of the spindle The sensors shall be supplied by the Automated Creel Loading System supplier.
 The box end threading inspection station shall have idler pipe radial rollers. 
 A preloaded following wheel with an outer diameter of approximately six inches and a forward mounted non marking soft brush and mounted on a pneumatically actuated lever arm shall be applied to the pipe to physically measure the pipe travel into the CNC machine. 
All SRUs and LRUs shall be packaged for Transportation Conditions to prevent incurring any residual damage.
American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME).
The Supplier shall furnish at no charge to the Purchaser the following: Leveling shims required for field installation plus 10% overage.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide electrical circuit inter-locks to prevent personnel coming into contact with hazards that cannot otherwise be eliminated from design.
 The operator shall apply threading protector to the pipe end. 
Gate stand dimensions shall be sufficient to accommodate the gate or gates required.
American National Standards Institute (ANSI).
The reflector shall be an offset Gregorian design.
 Each pipe shall be escaped from the exit conveyor onto the exit conveyor vrollers by paddle lift. 
 The box end threading inspection station vrollers shall lower and allow the pipe to exit the box end threading inspection station by gravity onto the transfer table to the box end dope and CSO station. 
The maximum latency from arrival of SKA1_Mid receptor data at the I.S1M.SADT_CSP.009 interface boundary, until present at the CSP_Mid.CBF Pulsar Search beamformer output, shall be 2 seconds.
For castings of such size or shape that do not permit Brinell testing with the standard 3000 kgf load, the 500 kgf may be employed, the hardness number being reported as HB 10/500/15. In very unusual cases where it is impossible to use the Brinell method, the Rockwell test may be substituted, using Test Methods E18 with an appropriate Rockwell scale. Con_x0002_versions of hardness values from one method to another according to Hardness Conversion Tables E140, which does not specifically cover cast irons, are approximate only and, therefore, are generally inadvisable.
Mechanical air vents, as described below, may be used in lieu of open vents. Actual orifice sizes are generally smaller than the nominal (thread) size of the vents
 Each threading line shall have a box end drift and threading protector station. 
all plcs will have 20% additional wired io for future system upgrades.
CSP_Mid.CBF racks shall have a Centre Of Gravity (CofG) that is less than 50% of the rack height in the upward direction in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
Wrap geotextile in a protective covering to prevent damage
during shipping and handling. Label each roll to provide product identification for inventory
and quality control. In the field, store the fabric rolls in a manner that protects them from the
elements, including ultraviolet radiation
 Each component concept shall be summarized. 
 The project shall include the description of equipment to be supplied. 
DSH equipment, while in its storage packaging, shall withstand, and shall operate to specification as defined herein after exposure to, the storage environmental conditions as defined in “Class 1.1: Weather protected, partly temperature-controlled storage locations” of the ETSI EN 300 019-1-1 standard.
Under precision and standard operating conditions, each SKA1_Mid dish shall achieve Dish sensitivity (averaged) of at least 6.4 m2/K in both polarization channels over SPF band 4.
When commanded, for any subarray and any Band, CSP_Mid.CBF shall track delay and phase at a
rate corresponding to 20 times sidereal tracking, while meeting all signal processing requirements including but not limited to accuracy, precision, efficiency, and performance of correlation and tied-array beamforming.
Except for Grades N-1 and N-2, one tension test shall be performed on each heat and the mechanical properties shall conform to the requirements specified in Table 2
 The delay or expense caused by defective or delayed customer supplied material shall not be included in this proposal and shall be charged separately. 
 Each pin end dope and threading protector station design shall be identical to that of the box end dope application station. 
The interface between CSP_Mid.CBF and CSP_Mid.PSS shall be compliant with the SKA1 CSP Mid CBF to PSS Interface Control Document [311-0000000-009].
The TM shall control the models of status reported by the DSH.
the fixture edges should be rounded to min 1.0 32 radius.
If sufficient companion test bars are unavailable, the manufacturer shall have the option of testing a specimen cut from a representative casting. Therefore, as stated in X1.3, the mechanical properties of such tension test specimen removed from a production casting will not necessarily correspond to those of a standard separately cast test specimen, the values in Table 1 do not apply. Instead, the mechanical properties of the test specimen from the casting must equal or exceed the average of those from similar test specimens removed from the same location from two castings of the same design where separately cast test bars meet the requirements of Table 1.
 The project warranty shall cover software. 
 Each transfer table shall have a length ranging between four feet nine inches and fourteen feet nine inches. 
No precise quantitative relationship can be stated be_x0002_tween the properties of the iron in various locations of the same casting and those of a test specimen cast from the same iron
DSH, when commanded to configure a new frequency band, shall move to the CONFIGURE mode and configure the new band within 30 seconds, whereafter it will revert to the mode from where the command was issued.
Except as provided for thin-wall pipe in paragraph 12.2 of Specification A530/A530M, the tolerances for diameter shall be in accordance with the following
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall use the transport protocol defined in the Interface ID I.S1M.SDP_CSP.001 section of the MID SDP to CSP ICD for transmission of visibility data to the SDP.
DSH, when power is restored while in the SHUTDOWN mode, shall go to STARTUP mode.
There shall be an integer number of packets per second. 
The container shall also carry, in a different location, the name and/or brand name of the wire manufacturer, and necessary instructions for storing and handling
a list of abbreviations for different components will be provided at the beginning of all wiring diagram documentation.
Under Precision and Standard Operating Conditions, over 5 minute periods and 15° pointing change in either axis, the active feed's phase centre shall remain within a radius of 100 μm (TBC) in the vertical plane, relative to the position that may be predicted using a standard model that is referenced to the point of intersection of the elevation and azimuth axes.
 If no pipe is present at the end of the pin end end blast station then the pipe is lifted off of the pipe stop and lowered onto the pin end end blast station vrollers. 
When commanded and processing data from Band 1, CSP_Mid.CBF shall accept dual polarization digitized data from each SKA1_Mid receptor at a sample rate of 3.96+k*delta_f/1e9 Gsamples/sec, with the RF (sky) band of interest present in the digitized signal from 0.35 to 1.05 GHz, with the same frequency sense as RF, with sky center frequency of 0.7 GHz, and with a net down-conversion frequency of 0 Hz.
Where: k=positive integer defined for each receptor by CSP_Mid.LMC, delta_f=1800 Hz, and k*delta_f does not exceed 4 MHz.
 Part of providing a solution with the lowest Total Cost of owndership shall be supplying training because proper knowledge troubleshooting and maintenance can be performed at a higher level which shall result in a decrease in downtime and greater reliability. 
The chemical composition of the iron shall be such as to produce the structural and mechanical properties required by this specification
 The project shall have a delivery. 
The total per-receptor Relative Pointing Error Circle diameter under Degraded Operating Conditions between any two points within the full performance pointing range that are separated by up to 10° great circle distance and measured within a time interval of 100 seconds, shall be <= 26 arcsec.
 Each station shall be able to accomodate casing diameter from four and one half inches to ten and three quarters inches. 
 SAT criteria and terms shall be outlined in the attached terms document signed by Barry Sonshine. 
The SKA1_Mid dish, when terminated on Cold sky, shall have a wide band gain stability over 5 s, when sampled with 20 ms intervals, of < 0.1% RMS (all bands).
 The vrollers shall lower and allow the pipe to gravity roll towards the next station. 
When commanded, each Frequency Slice Processor of CSP_Mid.CBF which is configured for Pulsar Search beamforming, shall form at least up to 192 Pulsar Search beams, aggregate across all subarrays, on at least one Search Window for each subarray.
 Dates for site acceptance testing at Welded Tube shall be outlined in the attached terms document signed by Barry Sonshine. 
The values stated in either SI units or inch-pound units are to be regarded separately as standard. The values stated in each system may not be exact equivalents; therefore, each system shall be used independently of the other. Combining values from the two systems may result in nonconformance with the standard
 Each pipe shall be transferred by walking beam out of the box end threading station and onto the transfer table towards the box end threading inspection station. 
Wire shall be free from injurious heavy scale and surface imperfections
 Each pipe shall be conveyed to the next plant process by vrollers. 
The SKA1_Mid dish, under Standard Operating Conditions, shall have a phase stability of <= 2 ° RMS after correcting for a linear fit based on measurements taken with 5 second sampling at 5 minute time intervals, even when it changes orientation arbitrarily and when it switches from a band to any other band and then back.
The maximum sample rate for any CSP_Mid.CBF-generated VLBI beam-channel shall be 448 Msamples/sec per polarization.
All test specimens shall be heat treated in the same production furnaces and in the same cycles as the castings they represent. However, in those instances wherein the critical sections of the production castings differ appreciably from that of the central portion of the test specimens, the time cycle for tempering the test specimens may be altered from that of the production lot in order to obtain similar microstructures or hardness, or both, in both specimen and castings. In such cases the hardness of the specimens shall be tested and reported along with the tensile test results.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall automatically detect RFI in the processed bandwidth for any Band and, when detected, flag data to prevent corruption of any downstream data
products. Conformance to this requirement is determined by testing of all SKAO-mandated RFI use cases such that, in each case, prescribed acceptable performance is obtained.
 Each threading line shall have a bucker station. 
The DSH shall persist the not fitted status ofitems in the DSH structure of reporting beyond the TM-DSH communication session and beyond the powered up state of the DSH.
Where possible line replaceable items shall be marked with an Electronically readable or scannable ID.
In Bands 5a and 5b, there shall be two sub-band data streams per polarisation channel.
all available process or product data not saved by 2.6.2 shall be saved by date (mm-dd-yy) and time (hh:mm:ss in 24 hour format).
The centerline of the pump discharge pipe shall have a minimum offset from the centerline of the outlet pipe equal to the sum of the diameters of the inlet and outlet pipes
 If a pipe is present at the lift station at any time then the lifting mechanism shall actuate. 
good rework parts ñ total number of good rework parts by shift.
 Each lift station shall have a fixed pipe stop. 
 Each of the HMIs shall provide overall view status of line and station by station statuses. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide hardware and communication access to any authenticated user. 
 Special common carrier crating steel skidding or returnable containers or skids shall not be included in this proposal. 
 A control cabinet with a main 480VAC flange mounted disconnect shall be provided and should be located near the threading line equipment. 
The wire shall be furnished in two sizes of coils: 960 m (3150 ft) minimum and 1981 m (6500 ft) minimum
solenoid valves will be breaker protected.
Stand-offs and handles shall be used to protect system components from damage during maintenance.
The sample values shall use 2's complement encoding.

The Dish shall have a continuous accessible azimuth range from -270° to +270° inclusive of pointing model corrections, measured relative to true North defined as 0° and with East defined as +90°.
All component mounted connectors shall be labelled to allow identification during installation and maintenance of the Equipment.
 Each of the vrollers shall then return to the up position and shall be prepared to accept the next pipe. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall process up to 2380 MHz per polarization of contiguous RF (sky) data within the Band 4 band of interest.
whenever possible form features shall be used to hold product components in grippers clamping forces shall not mark, deform or damage the product in any way.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall accept inputs from up to 197 SKA1_Mid receptors in the SKA1_Mid array, each with an identical interface defined in the DSH to CSP ICD and SADT to CSP ICD (I.S1M.SADT_CSP.009).
automatic mode ñ this mode will be continuous operation of the machine initiated by a cycle start button on the operator panel.
Maintenance-free bearing cartridges are preferred Supplier shall indicate expected bearing life, replacement procedure, and recommended replacement frequency.
 Each control cabinet shall house all circuit protection and field terminations and PLC control system hardware. 
 After the pipe returns from the box end end blast the vrollers shall automatically drop to allow the pipe to roll to the next station. 
CSP_Mid.CBF replaceable electrical and electronic equipment shall have reverse voltage protection on all input and output interfaces that don't connect with keyed connectors.
CSP_Mid.CBF LRU equipment with a weight of more than 40 kg shall have an integral lifting arrangement to allow mechanical assisted lifting.
 The operator shall manually apply pipe dope and threading protector. 
 The project shall follow the same design principles and fabrication methods as those used on the quench and temper material handling equipment to reduce the cost to Welded Tube and provide a clean lower maintenance threading line. 
The new Line 3 Creel Assembly consists of three (3) framework assemblies with a total of 440 spindle positions for PAN bobbins, reference Toho Tenax sketch No SKETCH002 The center Creel assembly will hold 220 bobbins with 110 bobbins on the right and left side The two outside frame assemblies will hold 110 bobbins Each of the bobbins is unwound into either a top or a bottom sheet, and fed into the production line for processing.
 Each pipe shall gravity roll on the transfer table towards the bucker station. 
The microstructure of the malleable iron shall consist of temper carbon nodules distributed through a ferritic matrix and shall be free of excessive pearlite, massive carbides, and primary graphite
The SKA1-Mid Dish shall have Direct Maintenance Man-hours per year of less than 24hrs.
Yarn guides shall have a 1 inch outside diameter ceramic eyelet on a stainless steel plate Specifications for eyelets will be provided by Purchaser.
 Travel and living expenses and thirty days of installation and startup at the customer site shall be included. 
 Each pipe coupling shall undergo bucking by the operator. 
individual module and or system operations can be plc controlled as long as the data transfer, collection, and management is pc based and does not slow down the speed of the system.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall receive and process data digitized at the same or a different sample rate at each receptor, the maximum sample rate difference between any two receptors in a subarray being 4 MHz for any Band, and with the sample rates defined in the DISH to CSP ICD.
The steel shall be killed steel, with the primary melting process being open-hearth, basic-oxygen, or electric-furnace, possibly combined with separate degassing or refining. If secondary melting, using electroslag remelting or vacuum-arc remelting is subsequently employed, the heat shall be defined as all of the ingots remelted from a single primary heat
 Automatic adjustment of the adjustable pipe stop shall be programmatically selected with outer diameter recipe on each of the HMIs. 
Over the accessible elevation range and under standard and degraded operating conditions, the total solid angle of the sidelobes for an SKA1_Mid dish where it exceeds 0 dBi and appears further than either the eighth null or 10° from boresight, whichever is the greatest, shall be less than 0.05 sr in any polarization, for all frequency bands
supplier will design equipment to eliminate calibrations and adjustments.
 The customer shall assign a Project Manager who is the single point of contact and this person shall have the authority to approve designs purchased components schedule and financial amendments and shall be expected to continue this project from start to finish as changes in personnel may affect the cost and delivery of this system. 
After processing, uniformly shape and compact the CIR to the lines, grades, and
depths indicated. Cure the CIR base as necessary.
 Each threading line shall have a lift station. 
The TM shall configure the DSH parameters as required for the observation. The TM will do this by passing parameters to DSH via a Capability request.
The total per-receptor RMS Relative Pointing Error under Precision Operating Conditions, between any two points within the full performance pointing range that are separated by up to 10° great circle distance and measured within a time interval of 100 seconds, shall be <= 1.3 arcsec RMS.
system will be programmed to automatically stop and show messages where needed intervention for maintenance is required at defined intervals interval must have the ability to be changed via the operator panel.
each manual station must have an operator push-button at hmi for signaling they are out of parts see signal description para 2.7.
CSP_Mid.CBF racks and equipment shall comply with IEC 60950- 1 Information Technology Equipment - Safety Part 1 General Requirements or equivalent standard.
Use of any part of the existing facility other than the floor, to support or stabilize the Creel is prohibited.
Over all bands and the full elevation range and under Precision and Standard Operating Conditions, after correcting for pointing errors, the on-diagonal Mueller matrix patterns shall not vary by more than 5% relative to the peak gain for any rotation around the optical axis of up to 1°, down to the -20 dB contour (TBC).
 Informal meetings shall be held at least every other week and progress reports shall be provided monthly. 
jog mode ñ this mode will pause the machine at each step in the program the operator will need to press a jog button on the operator panel to execute the active step and associated outputs, at which time the machine will proceed to the next step and wait again for the jog button to be pressed at any time, the operator should be able to make the machine continue running in automatic mode from jog mode without needing to bring the machine to home position first.
Contact portion of disc measured radially which shall be free from splits or tears, shall be smooth and shall be perceptibly flat.
Visibilities produced by CSP_Mid.CBF shall have a latency of no more than 1 second or three correlator integration periods, whichever is longer, after receipt of streaming data
from SKA1_Mid receptors at the I.S1M.SADT_CSP.009 (DSH) ingress boundary, until present at the I.S1M.SADT_CSP.005 egress boundary. Note: applies to zoom, non-zoom, and visibilities produced in support of VLBI.
Component design and system performance shall be based on the following utilities and site conditions: Site Conditions Elevation: 836 Feet above Sea Level Atmospheric Pressure: 14.25 PSIA Ambient Temperature: -10∞F to 105∞F (-23.3∞C to 40.5∞C).
Switches and controls used by operators or technical personnel shall have their functions clearly marked in the English language.
It shall be possible to locate two Dishes with centre-to-centre spacing of 30 meters without any possibility of collision.
DSH shall install electrical wiring between point of supply and power connectors of SADT equipment mounted to DSH in accordance to SANS 10142-1, under the power load conditions as defined in 300-000000-026, with the power characteristics as defined in 300-000000-026.
DSH, when configured to operate in a frequency band, shall start streaming data at the start of the next 1PPS boundary, and shall continuously stream data while configured for that band.
The DSH shall be designed to be locally fail-safe and not be dependent on any external inputs from TM for safety.
The yarn combs shall have polished stainless steel round pins mounted on zinc plated steel bar.
When commanded and with the CSP_Mid.CBF Administrative Modes set to OFFLINE, CSP_Mid.CBF shall detect and report the following faults:
1. Stuck or incorrect memory cells, whether a direct fault or manifested as such,
2. Calculation faults that may lead to incorrect data products, whether a direct fault or manifested as such.
The DSH shall not exceed the power allocation as stated in SKA1 Dishes Element Power Budget [SKA1-TEL-DSH-0000041]
all wire ends will have crimped metal shunt ends the appropriate size for the wiring being used bare wire ends can be used for incoming high voltage terminal connections greater the 480v only appropriate controlled pressure crimping tools will be used to crimp wires during assembly.
 Powered radial rollers shall rise and the vrollers shall lower. 
Castings failing to conform to the required hardness range may be reheat treated and retested. If after reheat treating they still fail the hardness requirements, they shall be rejected
maximum reach from the front edge of the machine to the center point of the work piece fixtures or work bins shall not exceed 1.05 inches with no turns or step requirements for operators the main fixture should be max 1.04 inches to centerline of part away from the front edge of the workbench that worker is standing.
When commanded, independently within each Frequency Slice Processor configured for VLBI, CSP_Mid.CBF shall produce and deliver to VLBI equipment up to at least 24 VLBI beam-channels, each derived from a selectable beam, allocated arbitrarily across all VLBI sub-arrays, such that:
1. each beam-channel shall be tunable with at least 0.01 MHz tuning resolution and,
2. each beam-channel's sampled bandwidth is fully contained within the source beam sampled bandwidth.
 The vrollers shall rise and the radial rollers shall lower to transfer the pipe out of the pin end end blast station. 
 The obligations of the seller under this warranty shall be limited to replacing or modifying at the option of the seller the software which after examination is disclosed to the satisfaction of Seller to be defective then the   Defective software is defined as documentable recurring errors that do not perform as specified in the contract specification. 
The magnitude of the per-polarization spectra from SKA1_Mid dishes, determined from the digitised voltage signals with the feed on the dish and terminated on Cold sky, shall not vary by more than the following across the specified band frequency ranges:
1) Band 1: < 6.5 dBp-p
2) Band 2: < 6.5 dBp-p
3) Band 3: < 6.5 dBp-p
4) Band 4: < 6.5 dBp-p
5) Band 5a: < 4.0 dBp-p per sub-band 
6) Band 5b: < 4.0 dBp-p per sub-band
 Engineering design documents shall be submitted for Customer approval of the Design at Design Review and Design Verification and once the design is approved by the Customer at Design Review or Design Verification then the Design is fixed and changes to the Design after Customer approval that result in additional cost or delay to the AEC will require Customer approval of an Engineering Change Notice before proceeding. 
Required. The 'LanguagePreferredComponentDef' element contains a single 'Language' element and one or more 'ComponentDef' elements. If the same 'ComponentDef' element is meant to serve more than one language, multiple instances of the 'LanguagePreferredComponentDef' element may be specified.
Over the accessible elevation range and under standard and degraded operating conditions, the peak level of sidelobes beyond either the eighth null or 10° from boresight, whichever is the greatest, shall not exceed 6 dBi in any polarization, for all frequency bands.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall, within each Frequency Slice Processor configured for VLBI, and for all SKA1_Mid receptors within each VLBI subarray independently and simultaneously with VLBI beamforming, produce and deliver to the SDP up to 800 to 1024 VLBI visibility channels per polarization for each of 4 polarizations, linearly spaced across the Frequency Slice bandwidth, using the same calibration and delay models as for one select VLBI beam.
Component design and system performance shall be based on the following utilities and site conditions: Electrical: 120 Volt 1 Phase 60 Hertz, 480 Volt 3 Phase 60 Hertz, 120 1 60 UPS for instrumentation controls only Area of Classification: Unclassified Instrument Air: 80 PSIG, (-73.3∞ C Dp) 100∞F (38∞C).
The Dish shall be capable of slewing in elevation at a rate of 1 deg/sec under Precision and Standard Operating Conditions. Gradual degradation will be allowed under Degraded Operating Conditions up to a maximum of 50% under Extreme Operating Conditions.
all dip switches and jumper settings will be indicated on the associated electrical layout.
solenoid valves will have two way manual overrides.
Stands constructed of concrete pipe having diameters greater than 600 mm (24 in.) shall use Class II Reinforced Concrete Pipe as specified in ASTM Standard C76, Specifications for Reinforced Concrete Culvert, Storm Drain, and Sewer Pipe, or be designed for the anticipated heads
Tension test results, obtained in accordance with the above subsections, must conform to the values of Table 1 for acceptance under this specification except as provided in 7.4.3
 AEC shall incorporate redundant contacts off of Welded Tube supplied safety locks on Welded Tube supplied safety gates into the machine safety circuits with detailed design of machine interruption. 
The results of all tests, including retests, shall be posted in permanent record, which shall state any abnormali_x0002_ties observed during the test and in the fractured ends. Such records shall be kept for at least one year after shipment of the production castings and shall be available for examination by the purchaser or by his authorized representative
feeder should be designed and constructed without the use of air jets.
each station can be switched off bypassed separately through the hmi (password protected) deactivation of a station must be indicated by the module status lighting (see 2.7).
 If no pipe is detected in the bucker station the next pipe is lifted off of the adjustable pipe stop at the bucker station and lowered onto the bucker station vrollers by paddle lift. 
 The operator shall engage a footswitch to rotate pipe for threading inspection. 
 The aforementioned provisions shall not extend the original warranty period of any product which has been repaired or replaced by Seller. 
 A certificate shall be provided to each person trained. 
High and low speed couplings, if utilized, will be based on a minimum design factor applied to the motor nameplate horsepower Couplings shall be the steel grid type designed to compensate for parallel, angular, and axial misalignment The coupling shall be by Supplier with a minimum service factor of 1.5 Couplings shall be keyed in place.
The SKA1_Mid dish shall not increase the phase noise of an input tone, measured relative to the clock applied at the SaDT-DSH interface boundary and integrated over f >= 1 Hz, by more than 600 femtosec RMS.
metal structures will be (ral 7035) (smooth glossy) ñ light grey ñ hoffman s052.
The Supplier shall furnish all equipment, controls, data, drawings, etc. defined in the Purchaserís documents and data including, but not limited to, the following major components: All rollers guides required to arrange fiber into final positions before entering the stretcher frame.
The DSH shall provide lightning protection according to IEC 62305 for the protection of human life and equipment mounted on/inside the structure, including equipment supplied by other elements, against the effects of direct and indirect lightning strikes onto the structure and the main power supply lines to the foundation.
the vendor must provide to pierburg with the spare parts list any lubricants that will be necessary for all robots an msds will also be required with all lubricants.
the following data shall be saved by product serial number: ¯ all parametric data and pass fail status for end of line product testing (function, leakage etc.) ¯ all parametric process data (forces, torques etc.) as specified under process capabilities in the project specific requirements.
DSH shall provide an environmental protected enclosure inside the Pedestal Shielded Compartment and maintain the internal conditions as defined by the DSH Consortium Non-Operating Conditions for equipment located inside the PSC for SADT equipment located inside the pedestal while being subjected to Survival Conditions.
CSP_Mid.CBF labelling of modules shall be in a conspicuous location, such that it is readable when the module is removed or installed in its intended operating environment, when such labeling doesn't impede functionality and/or performance.
 For commercial items the seller shall use the original manufacturers warranty where applicable and if the manufacturers warranty is in effect then any conditions imposed by the manufacturer must be honored in order for the warranty to be in effect. 
All LRU’s and SRU’s shall be packaged for Storage Conditions, without incurring any damage, for a period of at least 2 years.
The instrumental delay of a SKA1_Mid dish, relative to the 1PPS time reference, shall not change by more than 5% of a sample clock period due to frequency band changes.
A Yarn Comb for (22) ends shall be provided for each layer of bobbins.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall independently track delay and phase for each polarization of each SKA1_Mid receptor, with a net (instrumental+atmospheric) worst-case receptor differential polarization delay in any Band of 10 nanoseconds and with a differential delay rate, at any instant, that is less than 0.01 times sidereal.
 Each pipe shall gravity roll to the fixed pipe stop at the pin end end blast station. 
Any component of the Dish shall not emit electromagnetic radiation between 50 MHz and 300 MHz, which produces a power spectral density, that is received by an isotropic receiver at a distance of 500m, that is greater than:
- The Spectral Line power threshold levels defined by:
of 0.001% of centre frequency.
- The Continuum power threshold levels defined by:
of 1% of centre frequency.
 Each box end pipe dope station frame shall be constructed of welded structural members. 
 Each pipe shall be transferred by vrollers into the box end drift and threading protector station. 
The base plates for the Creel frame shall include four (4) anchor bolt holes and two (2) leveling bolts with locking nuts Base plates shall be minimum 0.750 inch thick steel The size of anchor bolts shall be selected based on maximum load conditions.

CSP_Mid.CBF shall use 42U 19” CSP racks with dimensions 600mm wide x 1070mm deep in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
all computers (not plcís) to be used for manufacture of assembly lines will be approved and or purchased by pierburg's it department for system consistency through out the plant integrator to provide system requirements to pierburg for purchase determination.
The DSH shall be compliant with all local, State and national environmental protection legislation and regulations.
 Each pipe shall undergo end blast while rotating. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall be compliant with the RoHS Directive 2011/65/EU (RoHS 2) or equivalent.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall have a Low Power State that reduces power consumption to less than 5% of the nominal consumption.
whenever possible the line should be designed to operate effective with 50% of the specified operators to support fluctuating production requirements.
When commanded to produce phase-binned visibilities, CSP_Mid.CBF shall integrate into bin widths that are temporally equally spaced, each instantaneously calculated from the temporal-domain model polynomial at the time of any particular bin.
The Devices API supports the ability to retrieve and interact with the OCF Devices that are within the scope of the provided Bearer Token
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall apply CSP_Mid.LMC- provided receptor weights, modified by CSP_Mid.CBF RFI flagging, identically across the beamforming bandwidth of any beam in any VLBI Frequency Slice Processor independently.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall, for each visibility, calculate and output, in the format specified in the MID SDP to CSP Interface Control Document [300-000000-002], its Time Centroid Index (TCI), which is the normalized and unit-less flagging-weighted effective time centroid of the visibility's integration time.
when possible, all outputs should be executed from the same program module, where program markers and flags execute the outputs from the associated step chains or other modules.
The DSH shall allow TM to control logging, including: 
a) The destination for logging messages,
b) The logging level.
 Each threading line shall have a box end threading inspection station. 
Unless otherwise specifically agreed to, the acceptability of the pipeline shall be determined by inspections to determine compliance with the provisions of this Standard with respect to the design of the pipeline and appurtenances, the materials used, workmanship, and the minimum installation requirements. Compliance shall not be binding for conditions related to earthquake or land settlement damage (except from improper trench bottom preparation or inadequate foundations for structures), external damage not caused by the parties involved, or leakage of mortar-jointed or cast-in-place pipe caused by water of temperature less than 50 °F (10 °C).
Under precision and standard operating conditions, each SKA1_Mid dish shall achieve
Dish sensitivity (averaged) of at least 8.70 m2/K in both polarization channels over SPF band 5a.
When commanded and processing data from Band 3, CSP_Mid.CBF shall accept dual polarization digitized data from each SKA1_Mid receptor with:
1. a sample rate of 3.168+k*4/5*delta_f/1e9 Gsamples/sec,
2. the bandwidth of the band of interest of 1.4 GHz,
3. the sky RF center frequency of 2.35 GHz,
4. the center frequency of the band of interest in the digitized signal of f_c_boi=0.766-k*2/5*delta_f/1e9 GHz,
5. the same frequency sense as RF and,
6. net downconversion frequency of f_c_rf-f_c_boi.
Where: k=positive integer defined for each receptor by CSP_Mid.LMC, delta_f=1800 Hz, and k*4/5*delta_f does not exceed 4 MHz.
product serial number format as follows: ¯ three digit julian day two digit year four digit serial number (269040998).
All machine guards shall be painted as follows: Finish coat: Sherwin Williams Polane ìBî polyurethane enamel, turbine orange no F63E3 and catalyst V66V27.
 There shall be seven rail assemblies spaced approximately six and one half feet apart and spanning the length of the transfer table. 
 Each pipe shall be transferred by vrollers into the pin end dope and threading protector station. 
 Each pipe shall gravity roll to the adjustable pipe stop at the bucker station. 
When specified by the purchaser’s order or contract, a manufacturer’s certification or compliance statement that the casting or lot of castings was made, sampled, tested, and inspected in accordance with this specification, including a report of test results signed by an authorized agent of the manufacturer, shall be furnished at the time of shipment, and such certification or compliance statement shall be the basis for acceptance of the casting or lot of castings
 AEC shall not rely on the CNC turret to end position the pip for threading by having it energize a second proximity switch to set the zero position in order to account for the eventual wear and slippage of the vrollers. 
hot-swappable drives using mirror cases.
CSP_Mid.CBF racks shall have a safety earth connection point with a connection resistance of less than 0.1 Ohm as per
the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
Apply hydrated lime or quicklime at the specified rates. Apply hydrated lime
as a slurry or in a dry form. Apply quicklime only in a dry form. Mix quicklime thoroughly
with the dry roadbed material before adding water; add water to the mixture within 6 of dry
mixing.
all equipment systems that produce more than (> 80db a scale) shall be properly soundproofed in accordance with osha environmental standards.
The IXR for each SPF band shall be > 15 dB within the -3 dB contour, over the whole observing bandwidth.
DSH shall set all internal states, modes and configuration data for DSH items, based on the external state, mode, configuration and capability commands received from TM.
 The project shall have acceptance. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall produce phase-binned visibilities with per-bin integration times (configurable for each subarray) between 0.14 seconds +/-2% to 1.4 seconds +/-2%, configurable in steps within that range that are less than or equal to the minimum integration time.
The total per-receptor Tracking Stability Error Circle diameter under Precision Operating Conditions, maintained while tracking a celestial target anywhere within the full performance pointing range over a time interval of 1000 seconds, shall be <= 9 arcsec.
Yarn Rollers shall be mounted a) at the end of each layer of bobbins and b) at the production line infeed The yarn rollers shall be positioned to set the yarn elevation before entering combs Rollers shall be 80 mm diameter by 500 mm long Rollers shall be 120 mm diameter by 2200 mm long.
The Supplier shall allow the Purchaser to observe the equipment at interim stages of fabrication in order to approve the release of any agreed to payments Any deviations from the agreed to specifications found during the observation shall be revised or corrected at no charge to the Purchaser The Supplier is not relieved of any contractual obligation by any observation unless specifically made in writing by the Purchaser.
Subject to fundamental limitations from DSH sample clock frequency offsets, correlator integration time, and filter Nyquist zones, CSP_Mid.CBF shall confine RFI to its on-sky spectral occupancy by:
1. achieving at least 30 dB attenuation over and above stopband attenuation of (aliased) RFI not native to its Frequency Slice or Search Window, in cross-correlation visibilities,
2. not limiting further attenuation of such (aliased RFI) in cross-correlation visibilities for increased frequency offsets and/or integration times and,
3. ensuring such (aliased) RFI does not add coherently in any tied-array (beamformer) outputs.
 Each pipe shall be secured to the vrollers by the clamp inside the high speed transfer table. 
Compact the mixture to a minimum of [95] percent of the max-
imum density as determined from a field sample, taken as compaction begins, according to
AASHTO T 134. The Engineer will determine in-place field density according to AASHTO
T 191 or T 310, correcting for oversized particles as necessary.
Any component of the Dish (specifically the Feed and Receiver) shall not add RF power to the signal chain, anywhere in the band-specified frequency range, which produces a power spectral density, referenced at the input to the LNA, that is greater than:
- The Spectral Line power threshold levels defined by:
  as measured with a RBW of 0.001% of centre 
- The Continuum power threshold levels defined by:
as measured with a RBW of 1% of centre frequency.
 Each lift station frame shall be constructed of welded structural members. 
 The equipment shall be broken down and prepared for shipping by band to wooden skid by a dedicated carrier and its loading onto ground transportation at the shipping dock of the AEC shall be supervised. 
The DISH shall map the external state model to internal states and modes for control and monitoring.
this time is collected anytime there is a machine fault, e-stop, manual mode, or nonautomatic running of the machine.
DSH, when in the OPERATE mode, shall capture and transmit signal data and execute pointing commands received from LMC
Capability Identification - MID
The DSH Dish shall expose the following Capabilities on this interface: a) MID Band 1 Capability
b) MID Band 2 Capability
c) MID Band 3 Capability
d) MID Band 4 Capability 
e) MID Band 5a Capability 
f) MID Band 5b Capability
Complete final compacting and finishing operations within 12 of
the final mixing. Compact the mixture to a minimum of 95 percent of the maximum density
as determined by AASHTO T 99 or AASHTO T 180. Remove all equipment imprints and
use a pneumatic-tired roller for final finish rolling.
feeding systems must be designed to allow refilling without having to open safety-doors or stopping the auto cycle operation.
 Each pipe shall gravity roll to the fixed pipe stop at the pin end dope and threading protector station. 
Where transitioning to a designated fail safe state represents a hazard, components of the CSP_Mid.CBF shall issue continued warnings for the duration of the transition.
When instantiating an instance of the Active Destination MAC and VLAN Stream identification function (6.6) for a particular output Stream, the managed objects in the following subclauses
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall process up to a total of 3900 MHz per polarization within the Band 5a band of interest, consisting of CSP_Mid.LMC-defined portions, in whole or in part, of either or both 5a1 and 5a2 bands of interest.
The SKA1_Mid dish shall maintain the following minimum Effective Number of Bits throughout the signal path:
1) 8 bits for SPF band 1 
2) 8 bits for SPF band 2 
3) 6 bits for SPF band 3 
4) 4 bits for SPF band 4
5) 3 bits for SPF band 5a 
6) 3 bits for SPF band 5b
 Each pipe shall gravity roll to the adjustable pipe stop at the box end threading station. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall form at least 1500 independently steerable Pulsar Search beams, each of which may be assigned to any sub-array in Pulsar Search Mode. Note: CSP_Mid.CBF may restrict the number of beams per sub-array to an integer multiple of 8 or less.
DSH DDBH & SAT connections shall have the interconnection characteristics as defined in 300-000000-026 (SADT-DSH ICD).
National Fire Protection Agency (NFPA).
The range, quantity and location of spares & consumables shall have its origin from LSA data and simulation/modelling.
The DSH shall persist the in-maintenance status of items in the DSH structure of reporting beyond the TM-DSH communication session and beyond the powered up state of the DSH.
When agreed upon by the purchaser and producer, the maximum decarburization at any as-cast surface after heat treatment may be stipulated in writing, as measured by visual depletion of combined carbon after polishing, etching in nital, and viewing at 100×.
Fixed Spindle Configuration:Quantity of Positions: 440 Spindle Layout:(5) layers X (22) columns X (4) rows.
For each subarray and across configuration changes, including Band changes, power cycles, resets, and fault recoveries, CSP_Mid.CBF shall consistently and
deterministically timestamp tied-array beam data streams, with respect to the best representation of telescope reference time available to CSP_Mid.CBF, precisely and accurately to an output time sample epoch.
 The project schedule shall be developed and published following this meeting and subsequent formal meetings shall be scheduled as required. 
There shall be two data streams per frequency band, one for each polarisation channel.
The SKA1_Mid dishes shall survive the following input signals with no permanent degradation to performance:
1) Band 1 & 2: -2 dBm continuous input power 
2) Band 3 - 5: TBD
The Creel height shall not exceed 17í-6î above the operating floor.
When agreed upon by the purchaser and producer, the maximum decarburization at any as-cast surface after heat treatment may be stipulated in writing, as measured by visual depletion of combined carbon after polishing, etching in nital, and viewing at 100×
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall receive data from each SKA1 Mid DISH at the sample rates, Nbits/sample, and resulting aggregate data rates specified per-Band in the DISH to CSP ICD.
The dish element shall achieve full performance as specified for pointing and tracking, over the full performance pointing range with azimuth rates ranging from 0 up to 0.3 deg/sec.
Correct surface irregularities to prevent the formation of depressions or water pockets. Compact
topsoil lightly to ensure contact with the underlying soil and to create a uniform seedbed.
 The project shall incorporate a paddle lift. 
feeding systems will monitor parts in such a way as to ensure that parts have left the feeder and arrived at the application device positive tracking and control of the part at all time will be maintained until acceptable processing is completed (e.g. ring sensors).
 The project shall incorporate a high speed threading table. 
The tensile strength shall be the maximum load carried by the specimen during the test divided by the original cross-sectional area of the gage length, as found in accordance with 7.3.2. It shall be reported to the nearest 100 psi [MPa].
When commanded, unless otherwise required, CSP_Mid.CBF shall complete any signal processing configuration or reconfiguration, within 24 seconds from the specified configuration or re-configuration start time.
The Supplier shall furnish all equipment, controls, data, drawings, etc. defined in the Purchaserís documents and data including, but not limited to, the following major components: All assembly hardware.
The Supplier shall furnish at no charge to the Purchaser the following: Two complete sets of all special tools and devices required for operating and maintaining the components and systems.
 The warranty shall not include modifications to the design for any reason other than errors or omissions. 
Data in the packet shall be organised serially in time, with the first sample being the oldest.
For each VLBI beam-channel of any channelized bandwidth in any Band, CSP_Mid.CBF shall maintain the beamformer output signal- to-noise ratio in the beamforming bandwidth, before final output quantization, to at least 98% compared to an ideal VLBI beamformer given the same inputs and in the presence of
RFI. Conformance to this requirement will be determined by testing of all SKAO-mandated RFI use cases.
all robots must have a teach pendant with english interface the teach pendant must have a station e-stop for safety.
If the first test results indicate that a reheat treatment is needed to meet the test requirements, the entire lot of castings and the representative test specimens shall be reheat treated together. Testing shall then be repeated in accordance with 7.4.1 – 7.4.3.
 The project shall include shipping. 
DSH shall establish a LPZ 2 to protect SADT equipment mounted inside the pedestal shielded compartment against residual damage from direct and indirect lightning flashes to the structure and external services, in accordance to IEC62305 LPL III.
 Any rotation equipment shall have guarding from fingers. 
When commanded and for each subarray, CSP_Mid.CBF shall initiate upload of captured Transient Buffer data to the SDP, and shall complete the upload and be ready to act on another trigger, within 118 seconds of receipt of the first trigger. Note: the timestamp of the Transient Epoch is contained within the Trigger message and is as defined in the CSP LMC to CSP Sub- elements ICD.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall produce visibilities integrated over a period of time--independently configurable for each subarray, but that may be a multiple of a seed integration time common across all subarrays--between 0.14 seconds +/-2% to 1.4 seconds +/-2%, configurable in steps within that range of at least as small as the minimum integration time or better. 
part totes shall be gravity fed with methods to eliminate backpressure.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall enter the Low Power Mode on startup and remain in Low Power mode until commanded otherwise.
Test coupons may be cut from the heat-treated (if required) castings at the producer’s option.
 A customer kickoff meeting shall take place as required. 
work instruction holders must be installed on each station unless operator work instructions are incorporated into hmi.
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment shall facilitate major software updates within the CSP_Mid maintenance time allocations.
 Each of the box end drift and threading protector station vrollers shall transfer the pipe towards the operator for manual application of dope and coupling screw on. 
Unless otherwise specified, standard practices as covered by the American Iron and Steel Institute in the latest revision of the AISI Steel Products Manual, Wire and Rods, Carbon Steel, shall govern on all points covered by this specification
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall form up to 16 dual- polarization Pulsar Timing phase-delay beams, distributed arbitrarily across one or more subarrays, within each Frequency Slice Processor configured for Pulsar Timing beamforming.

CSP_Mid.CBF software and hardware description language related deliverables shall comply with the "Fundamental SKA Software and Hardware Description Language Standards” [SKA-TEL-SKO-0000661].
the operator panel for each module or system must report all machine stops and a reason why it occurred.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall, for each subarray in each Frequency Slice Processor configured for Correlation, produce up to 14,000 to 16,384 visibility channels per-polarization for each of 4 polarizations, linearly spaced across at least the Frequency Slice or Zoom Window processed bandwidth.
DSH shall be able to stow the dish in FULL_POWER or in LOW_POWER states.
adjustments required to compensate for acceptable product variation shall be located on the product specific fixtures and tooling sub-plates are not adjustable.
 Each station shall have an emergency stop button with a safety circuit. 
After bobbins are loaded on the spindles, the operators retrieve the end of the yarn previously tied to the first yarn guide and tie the end from the bobbin together This process is repeated until all 440 ends are tied and ready for start-up.
 Each pipe shall gravity roll to the adjustable pipe stop at the pin end threading station. 
 If the buyer submits to the seller that the products do not conform to the warranty the seller shall inspect the products to determine their status and if the products are found not to conform with warranty then the Seller will repair replace or modify the Products at the Sellers option and at no cost to the Buyer and the Non conforming Products shall be defined as documentable recurring errors that do not perform as specified in the contract specification and Such repair or replacement shall be the only remedy of the Buyer for any breach of warranty. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall transmit VLBI packets on the I.S1M.SDP_CSP.001 interface, as defined in the Interface ID I.S1M.SDP_CSP.001 section of the MID SDP to CSP Interface Control Document [300-000000-002].
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall receive and count packets and errors from DISH-generated test packets as defined in the DISH to CSP ICD.
For each VLBI subarray, there shall be one subarray phase center (a.k.a. delay center or topocenter), that is used for all TM or LMC- provided delay and phase tracking models, is fixed for the duration of the subarray observation, and is located within 100 km of any SKA1_Mid receptor.
An analysis of each heat of steel shall be made by the steel manufacturer to determine the percentages of the ele_x0002_ments specified in Section 7. If the secondary melting pro_x0002_cesses of 5.1 are employed, the heat analysis shall be obtained from one remelted ingot or the product of one remelted ingot of each primary melt. The chemical composition thus determined, or that determined from a product analysis made by the manufacturer, if the latter has not manufactured the steel, shall be reported to the purchaser or the purchaser’s representative, and shall conform to the requirements specified in Section 7
 The project shall include documentation. 
 The operator shall press a button on the local pushbutton station and the pipe is transferred back after the threading inspection is complete. 
When commanded, for each subarray, CSP_Mid.CBF shall form Pulsar Search beams using any selected receptors that are separated by at most 20,000 meters.
For each subarray, CSP_Mid.CBF shall assume there is 1 subarray phase center (a.k.a. delay center or topocenter), used for all TM or LMC-provided delay and phase tracking models, which is fixed for the duration of the subarray observation, and is located within 10 km of the center of the smallest circle that encompasses all receptors in the subarray. Note: does not apply to VLBI subarrays.
 Each box end drift and threading protector station shall have a paddle lift. 
The noise diode switching waveform shall be synchronised to the 1PPS time reference with an accuracy of 50ns (TBC).
Electrical risks and hazards shall be controlled in accordance with local, State and national legislation and Codes of Practice.
NOTE: In South Africa, SANS 10142-1 and SANS 10142-2 shall apply.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall continue to communicate with CSP_Mid.LMC, monitor, report status and execute received commands while in the Low Power Mode.
The sizes listed in Table 2 are typical as shipped from the manufacturer’s plant. These alloys exhibit varying degrees of friability; therefore, some attrition may be expected in transit, storage, and handling. A quantitative test is not avail_x0002_able for rating relative friability of ferroalloys. A code system has been developed, therefore, for this purpose, and a number rating for each product type is shown in the last column of Table 2. Definitions applicable to these code numbers are given in Specification A1025/A1025M.
Test specimens for the bend test specified in Section 11 and for the flattening tests shall consist of sections cut from a pipe. Specimens for flattening tests shall be smooth on the ends and free from burrs, except when made on crop ends
CSP_Mid.CBF acoustic noise emission sound pressure level shall be in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
 The adjustable pipe stop design shall have allow a straightforward integration for automatic adjustment with back and forth pipe stop articulation. 

Under Precision and Standard Operating Conditions the dish element shall limit un-modelled beam rotation on the sky to no more than 1°.
The Engineer will measure, and the Agency will pay for, erosion control mat, fiber roving,bales, and sod as specified in Section 619.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide all signal processing functions meeting requirements for SKA1_Mid receptor boresight pointing of 360 degrees in azimuth and down to at least 15 degrees elevation angle.
 The AEC shall provide an installation drawing and setup instructions and once the machine has been positioned in place and utilities have been brought to the machine AEC personnel shall be available for the following functions of reconnection to in house services system startup debugging and operator training and initial production startup. 
 Each pipe shall be transferred to the other end of the box end drift and threading protector station in preparation for pin end threading. 
Equipment shall be designed to use standard tools for accessing, removing and replacing the items.
 Design errors and omissions shall be resolved under the warranty. 
CSP_Mid.CBF LRU equipment connected to the CPF electrical network shall be compliant with the IEC 61000-4-11 standard or equivalent for voltage dips, short interruptions and voltage variations immunity under standard test conditions and setups in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
The maximum outside dimensions of the empty carton shall be 349.3 x 355.6 x 165.1 mm (13.75 x 14.00 x 6.50 in.). A knockout hole with a maximum diameter of 190.5 mm (7.50 in.) shall be provided on each side of the carton. It is intended that this carton fit balers designed subsequent to the December 1969 revision of this Standard. The 355.6 mm (14.00 in.) dimension may cause some interference with balers currently in the field
all switches must have labels on both the switch connector and a permanent label on the closest mechanical fixture to the switchís mounting these labels should be metal tags and the permanent tag must be riveted in place.
The total per-receptor Blind Pointing Error Circle diameter under Degraded Operating Conditions and within the full performance pointing range shall be <= 144 arcsec.
The project shall include a Description of the Project. 
 The project scope and schedule are monitored continuously to make sure the project is executed on time and within budget so that surprises and unforeseen circumstances are reduced and thus overall risk is decreased for you. 
 Each box end end blast station shall have powered pipe radial rollers. 
 The project shall included the Welded Tube Scope of Supply. 
Major equipment items supplied by the Supplier shall be fitted with a securely mounted stainless steel nameplate displaying the following information: Manufacturerís serial number.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall autonomously detect and shut-down affected equipment in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD, when any of the following conditions occur:
1. an overcurrent condition occurs in a rack;
2. an over-temperature condition occurs in an LRU.
Each Pulsar Search beam formed by CSP_Mid.CBF in the presence of RFI, shall achieve a signal-to-noise ratio within
the beamforming bandwidth on unflagged data of at least 98% of that which is possible with an ideal beamformer with the same inputs. Conformance to this requirement will be determined by testing of all SKAO-mandated RFI use cases.
Roll construction shall be tubular steel with a hard chrome surface The rolls shall receive a suitable substrate preparation before being plated with a 0.005 inch thickness of hard chrome The final roll face surface finish shall be 32 rms, matte The vendor shall supply the Purchaser with details of the roll construction before fabrication The Supplier shall provide adjustment of all rolls.
The DSH shall sustain the following duty cycle, without performance degradation, when operated under the Precision and Standard Operating Conditions and over the full Deployed Lifetime:
- continuous motion described by a square wave speed command with an amplitude of 0.5degree/second and period of 60 seconds in both azimuth and elevation axis simultaneously and in phase over a total time period of 2 hours. (TBC)
Performance degradation will be allowed under the Degraded and Extreme Operating Conditions in order to prevent overheating of equipment.
all ac motors above 25hp shall be wired with continuous conductors from the control cabinet no intermediate connections will be permitted.
Dish mechanical fasteners shall have standard metric size and screw thread.
The DSH shall report the availability of each Capability.
The availability of a Capability will be determined from the availability of the resources that contribute to the Capability.
the status of work in process shall be maintained after unrelated error conditions occur.
For any Band and for each Pulsar Search beam, CSP_Mid.CBF shall form 4096 equally-spaced and critically-sampled channels across the Search Window channelized bandwidth.
All individual components, skid assemblies, and modules shall be furnished with lifting lugs Each shall be installed on crush plates Components longer than 10í-0î shall be furnished with two tailing lugs of the same design as the lifting lugs All lifting lugs shall be positioned to allow a balanced lift Lifting lug placement shall not allow the equipment to be stressed or deformed while being lifted.
The interface between CSP_Mid.CBF and SDP shall be compliant with the SKA1 MID SDP to CSP Interface Control Document [300- 000000-002].
 Each box end end blast station paddle lift shall lower the pipe onto the box end end blast station vrollers. 
Wire shall be wound with uniform tension and shall be furnished with a protective coating that will provide adequate lubricity and corrosion resistance but will not harden or produce a gummy condition in the baler tying mechanism 
Under Precision and Standard Operating Conditions, the coordinates of the point of intersection of the elevation and azimuth axes, projected onto the local horizontal plane, shall remain within a radius of 1.0 mm from the position that may be predicted using a standard model that is referenced to a fiducial point on the pedestal foundation.
The total per-receptor RMS Relative Pointing Error under Degraded Operating Conditions, between any two points within the full performance pointing range that are separated by up to 10° great circle distance and measured within a time interval of 100 seconds, shall be <= 5.2 arcsec RMS.
Incorporate a minimum cement content of 7.4 lb/ft3 (118 kg/m3). Fly ash may
be substituted for up to [25] percent of the required cement, with this substitution in the ratio
of 1 lb (1 kg) of fly ash for each 1 lb (1 kg) of cement. Do not use fly ash from [November 1
through April 1]. Ensure that the water cement ratio (w/c) does not exceed 0.45, calculated
as follows:
CSP_Mid.CBF LRUs shall be mounted such that removal of any single LRU does not require the removal of other LRUs.
DSH shall start up in LOW_POWER state and remain in low power until commanded by TM to go to FULL_POWER.
Any coil not confirming to the foregoing specifications may be rejected and the manufacturer or distributor notified
The Purchaser shall furnish the following: Electrical power and all other utility connections to the connection points by the Supplier.
 The customer assembly components required for all project related trials and studies are provided at the expense of the customer including all primary or secondary sealants powders adhesives lubricants and other items necessary for a complete system development and runoff. 
The DSH shall make provision for an extensive set of “drill-down” monitoring points in the DSH to enable a capability for fault diagnostics.
The Dish shall report on the availability of capabilities that represent fully functional frequency bands.
A transverse tension test shall be made on a specimen from one end or both ends of each pipe NPS 8 [DN 200] and over. If this supplementary requirement is specified, the num_x0002_ber of tests per pipe shall also be specified. If a specimen from any length fails to meet the required tensile properties (tensile, yield, and elongation), that length shall be rejected subject to retreatment in accordance with Specification A530/A530M and satisfactory retest
CSP_Mid shall support pulsar phase binning for pulsar periods ranging from 1 msec to 100 sec.
Distribute topsoil evenly to a lightly compacted depth of at least [2 in. (50 mm)] on slopes 3:1
(1:3) or steeper and [4 in. (100 mm)] on flatter slopes. Place during conditions that are favorable
for grading, sodding, or seeding
 The vrollers shall lower the pipe onto the transfer table to gravity roll towards the exit conveyor. 
equipment will be designed and constructed so that wiring cannot touch the floor.
 The project shall incorporate an adjustable pipe stop design. 
The Supplier shall guarantee system performance and component design in accordance with the Purchaserís documents and data Should the system or components not perform in accordance with the Purchaserís documents and data, the Supplier shall make the necessary adjustments for compliance with that specified by the Purchaser in a timely manner at no charge to the Purchaser All repairs and replacements must be approved by the Purchaser prior to the work being performed.
The TM shall send not fitted status of items in the DSH structure of reporting. 
solenoid valves will be mounted within reach of controlled air cylinder.
all error messages must be displayed on the hmi fault information must be as detailed aspossible error messages shall not block the hmi all functions of the hmi shall remain accessible and operable even with an error message present a bad operation must be signalized by a red light, a good operation by a green light.
Method of marking shall be compatible with the nature of the item, its environment and its use.
 If additional support is required then AEC shall provide this service at standard service rates. 
All fabricated items, except handrail, deck, and toe plate shall be painted with at least one primer coat and one finish coat Supplier shall recommend suitable coatings and provide specification for Purchaserís review and approval prior to application.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall ensure phase biases or phase discontinuities in any output data products, on any time scale up to 1000 hrs, at any frequency within the processed bandwidth of any Band, do not exceed those imposed by the limits of CSP_Mid.LMC-provided or delay model-derived phase models, delay tracking precision, or the stability and correctness of the 1-PPS and UTC
timestamp received from the SKA1_Mid receptor.
The Supplier's equipment and system shall be designed for maximum personnel safety including, but not limited to, the following: All electrical and mechanical controls or adjustments shall be accessible from the operating floor level during operation.
switches, and relays will all be solid state unless it is prohibitive (high current is limiting factor).
Each Mid.CBF rack shall connect to two INFRA Element CPF electrical power outlets via two 3 phase power cables (length >=2 meters) that have IEC 60309 (6H) 3P+N+PE 32A RED Cable Mount Plugs (Part Number: 888-231-NS).
There shall be space at the Gregorian focus of SKA1 dishes for five single pixel feeds (SPF).
 The project shall incorporate guarding. 
 Each pipe shall stop plus or minus three hundredths of an inch inside the CNC threading machine. 
 The operator shall press a button on the local pushbutton station and the pipe is transferred back out of the box end drift and threading protector station by vrollers until the proximity sensor is encountered and the pipe pin end is positioned for processing at the next station. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall receive the SADT 100 MHz clock reference in accordance with the Interface ID I.S1M.SADT_CSP.004 section of the MID SADT to CSP ICD.
If sufficient companion test bars are unavailable, the manufacturer shall have the option of testing a specimen cut from a representative casting. Therefore, as stated in X1.3, the mechanical properties of such tension test specimen removed from a production casting will not necessarily correspond to those of a standard separately cast test specimen, the values in Table 1 do not apply. Instead, the mechanical properties of the test specimen from the casting must equal or exceed the average of those from similar test specimens removed from the same location from two castings of the same design where separately cast test bars meet the requirements of Table
 Each pipe shall be lifted off of the adjustable pipe stop at the threading inspection table and be lowered onto the box end threading inspection station vrollers by paddle lifts. 
wire colors will be as follows
ac neutral ñ white
ac hot ñ black (208vac and above)
ac hot ñ red (1.020vac and below)
ac ground ñ green with yellow strip
ac control ñ red
dc negative ñ light blue or blue and white
dc positive ñ brown
dc control ñ dark blue
dc ground ñ green
secondary source ñ orange.
 FAT criteria shall consist of proper material transfer station to station. 
R.D.RM.9
All Cables/Harnesses and their connectors shall be labelled to allow identification while the Cables/Harnesses is installed.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall, for each subarray in each Frequency Slice Processor independently, apply calibration -- including delay models -- when configured for the Correlation or the VLBI function.
When the yarn is near the end on the bobbin spools at the end of a production run, the operators cut the yarn and tie it to the nearest yarn guide.
 The operator shall press a button on the local pushbutton station and the pipe is transferred out of the pin end dope and threading protector station by vrollers. 
The CSP_Mid.CBF air cooled thermal load shall not
exceed 272 kW in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
CSP_Mid.CBF programmable devices shall be in-system programmable in cases where the safety of personnel and equipment are not affected.
 Equipment shall be designed to CSA Z432 04 standards. 
The DSH shall provide EMI shielding, to the components inside the DS EMI Shielded Cabinet,
greater than:
145 dB from 50 MHz to 13.8 GHz, and 
95 dB from 13.8GHz to 20GHz
The air cooled thermal load of CSP_Mid.CBF racks shall be less than 11 kW per rack in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
CSP_Mid.CBF labels shall be affixed for at least 50 years or the lifetime of the equipment, whichever is the smaller, and unlikely to come off during maintenance or as a result of the environment.
 After the pipe returns from inspection the vrollers shall automatically drop to allow the pipe to roll to the next station. 
Disposable line replaceable units should be labelled as such.
A vendor may extend the list of OAuth2.0 access token scopes beyond those listed in Table 2. They are extended by adding additional vendor-specific information before the * in the OAuth2.0 access token scope name (e.g. "r:xyz:*"). How these extensions work is outside the scope of the OCF but they may be present in the OAuth2.0 access token request. Note that if the user gives consent to the Origin Cloud to "w:*", consent applies also to any derived OAuth2.0 access token scopes (e.g. "w:xyz:*").
Corrupted data samples, or data samples for which ADC saturation occurs shall be indicated by setting the sample values to the most negative number in the 2's complement coding.
DSH, when in MAINTENANCE mode shall enable the sub-element engineering interfaces, and shall enable the upgrade of software and firmware.
All castings, on visual examination, shall be sound and free of obvious shrinkage and porosity
total parts ñ total number of parts by shift run through the station.
CSP_Mid.CBF LRU equipment shall have dead-man thermal overload protection capabilities that independently detect and power down affected equipment when the equipment's safe operating temperature range is exceeded.
If the purchaser requires soundness tests to be performed, it shall be so stated in the purchase agreement, and the method and soundness requirements shall be detailed
 Each box end drift and threading protector station shall have individual vrollers. 
Power transmission shall be designed for continuous duty, smooth operation and lubricated for maximum life.
all wires must be labeled per electrical print at all termination points, including terminal blocks, connector plugs, etc refer to section 2.8.27 for labeling schemes.
If agreed upon in writing by the foundry and purchaser, the malleable iron castings may be required to meet special conditions, hardness or other property dimensions, surface quality, or a combination of conditions
International Building Code (IBC).
 Each threading line shall have a box end pipe dope station. 
 Each pipe shall be automatically retracted by the high speed transfer table. 
 Each of the vrollers shall be individually driven with SEW two horsepower gearmotors identical to the motors on the vrollers in quench and temper. 
The optical path shall be kept free of any part of the structure (excluding the active feed) with a minimum clearance of 430 mm to all direct ray paths.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall apply a CSP_Mid.LMC-provided frequency-dependent (with at least 1 MHz resolution), per-antenna, per-beam polarization calibration corrections, prior to VLBI beamforming.
Bobbin Spool Size:Length:850 mm (33.46î) +- 0.04 inches Inside Diameter: 133 mm (5.24î) +- 0.03 inches Outside Diameter:157 mm (6.18 inches) Spool Overlap: 31 mm (1.23 inches) each end.
When commanded, for each subarray, CSP_Mid.CBF shall measure and report the power of each receptor sample stream to CSP_Mid.LMC for the noise diode ON signal condition and the noise diode OFF signal condition, with a
configurable measurement interval of arbitrary temporal phase down to a minimum 0.14 seconds and with a reporting interval any integer multiple of the measurement interval.
The Creel frames shall be configured with three (3) 73í-0î long frame sections with a creel loader aisle way on both sides of the center section The aisle ways are provided to accommodate an Automated Creel Loading System and provide operator access during change over to cut and tie yarn ends.
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment LRUs and racks shall eliminate or suitably protect obstacles that protrude and that may cause a safety hazard to personnel or equipment.
 Each pipe shall be passed through the alignment rollers and the CNC chuck and is transferred into the CNC machine at high speed. 
data transfer system for collecting data will be pc based pc based system must have the ability to network to pierburg's intranet.
 The project shall have Design Planning and Design Control. 
 The project shall have a warranty. 
Each SKA1_Mid dish shall meet all requirements simultaneously in both polarisations, for at least the frequency ranges prescribed by SKA1-SYS_REQ-2180, 2181, 2182, 2183, 3612 and 3613.
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment connected to the CPF electrical network shall be compliant with the IEC 61000-4-4 standard or equivalent for electrical fast transient/burst immunity under standard test conditions and setups in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
 The project shall have a Preliminary Project Schedule. 
In all sampling modes, each data byte shall represent one sample for a polarization. The X and Y polarization samples shall be interleaved (even numbered samples for pol-X, odd numbered for pol-Y)
In 4-bit sampling modes, each data byte shall represent two sub-bands of one-polarisation.
As part of the Manufacturing Data Pack, Support Data shall be provided as part of the manufacturing Data pack. Support Data is considered to be Maintenance Manuals and Training Packages, as applicable.
For pipe NPS 2 [DN 50] and under, a sufficient length of pipe shall stand being bent cold through 90° around a cylindrical mandrel, the diameter of which is twelve times the outside diameter (as shown in ASME B 36.10M) of the pipe
The sensitivity of a SKA1_Mid dish shall not be less than the following compared to that which is specified in R.M.P.1, at any pointing angle over the full accessible elevation range, under precision and standard operating conditions, and when calculated as an average over any 1 MHz interval over the specified frequency range in both polarization channels: 75% for SPF band 2.
Cast-in-place pipe shall be used only in stable soils or soils that have been stabilized as in Section 3.3 of ACI Standard 346, Specifications for Cast-in-Place Nonreinforced Concrete Pipe, where the trench form conforms to the trench requirements per Chapter 3 of the above-referenced standard.
The TM shall be able to request the DSH to configure the level of reporting of monitoring points, alarms, events and logs.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide at least 2 tunable dual-polarization Search Windows per receptor for pulsar search beamforming, where each Search Window:
1. can be tuned anywhere within the digitized bandwidth of any Band with at least 0.01 MHz tuning resolution,
2. has a beamforming bandwidth of no less than 295 MHz and,
3. has a channelized (sampled) bandwidth no greater than 333.35 MHz.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall track delay
with sufficient precision such that the maximum delay offset (bias) within the processed bandwidth, over any time interval is not greater than +/-0.005 sample intervals, relative to the delay model provided by CSP_Mid.LMC, where the sample interval is the inverse of the sample rate for the sampled bandwidth in question.
The Supplier shall furnish all equipment, controls, data, drawings, etc. defined in the Purchaserís documents and data including, but not limited to, the following major components: (440) Bobbin Spindle Assemblies.
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) (OSHA Standards).
This specification2 covers ferritic malleable castings for general engineering usage at temperatures from normal ambi_x0002_ent to approximately 400 °C [750 °F].
For each subarray, when receptor delay rates are non-zero for the imaging delay center on the sky, and the ratio of models of such receptor delay rates for every baseline are not rational numbers for all but transient periods of time, CSP_Mid shall have RMS closure errors less than those expected due to the sky, fundamental instrumental issues for which there is no mitigation, and uncorrelated noise, in any produced visibilities within the processed bandwidth, on any observation timescale from the CSP_Mid visibility integration period up to 1000 hours.
Nuts and bolts for structural steel assembly shall be zinc plated carbon steel.
all control voltage will be regulated 24v dc.
the entire base plate where tooling and fixtures are mounted must be completely removable for each process in such a manner that a new base plate with new tooling can be interchanged.
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment susceptible to ESD shall be compliant with the IEC 61000-4-2 standard or equivalent standard for ESD immunity under standard test conditions and setups in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
Each DSH to CSP data packet shall contain at least the following meta-data: 
a) Dish ID.
c) Band ID.
d) Packet counter.
e) UTC time code.
f) Number of bits per sample.
g) Number of time samples per packet.
h) Number of time samples per second (sampling frequency in bands 1-3 or sub-band re-sampling frequency in bands 4-5a&b)
i) Calibration noise diode on/off marker (TBC).
j) Sample number of the first sample in the packet, counted from the 1PPS streaming start for the duration of the observation.
k) Presence of flagged samples marker 
l) Detected 1pps deviation
Factors influencing the properties of castings and their relationship to those of test specimens and separate test castings are discussed in Appendix X1.
 Each pipe shall be loaded into the box end high speed threading station by a paddle lift. 
Concrete pipelines shall not be installed on sites where the sulfate salt concentration exceeds 1.0% as water soluble sulfate in soil samples, or 4000 parts per million (ppm) sulfate in groundwater samples. Concrete pipe shall be made with cement of the type shown for the following conditions
 The concepts and solutions proposed herein shall be the property of Automation Engineering Corporation AEC and in no case should they be disclosed partially or in their entirety to a third party without our prior written consent. 
When commanded, for each subarray CSP_Mid.CBF shall automatically determine and apply output word-size-specific re- quantizer gain settings for each beam-channel of each VLBI beam to achieve required S/N performance, and also record and report these settings and beam-channel output power measurements to CSP_Mid.LMC.
The CSP_Mid.CBF VLBI interface to SADT shall be compliant with the Interface ID I.S1M.SADT_CSP.008 section of the MID SADT to CSP ICD.
The mass of fully populated CSP_Mid.CBF racks shall not exceed 600 kg in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
When instantiating an instance of the Mask-and-match Stream identification function (6.8) for a particular input Stream, the managed objects in the following subclauses serve as the tsnStreamIdParameters managed object (9.1.1.2)
If the size of the stand is decreased above the pump discharge pipe, the top vent portion shall be of such inside cross-sectional area that, if the entire flow of the pump were discharging through it, the average velocity would not exceed 3.0 m/s
precision work requires the operator to rest arms, elbows and or hands on surfaces these surfaces require a minimum thickness of 0.25î padding.
Access to equipment and components that require specialised tools shall be minimised.
When commanded, each VLBI beam channel CSP_Mid.CBF outputs shall be configurable to be single or dual-polarization.
When flagging visibilities, CSP_Mid.CBF shall identically flag all polarization products of any particular visibility as invalid if any polarization product of the particular visibility is flagged bad. Note: applies to zoom, non-zoom, and visibilities produced in support of VLBI.
symbols and symbol comments: the purpose of symbolic addressing is to allow the plc programmer to write the software using meaningful symbols rather than having to remember addresses for input and output symbols where possible electrical drawing references should be used where these are not available use of a simple description should be used.
 The vrollers shall rise and the radial rollers shall lower to transfer the pipe out of the box end end blast station. 
 Each of the HMIs shall allow the operator to get a quick view and control of machine state and alarms and cycle counts and recipes. 
DSH shall make mechanical, optical, signal and power provision on the Dish Structure, in accordance with the "SKA1_Mid Dish - with provision for PAF - ICD 301-000000-17", to allow exchange of the SPF Band 1 with a PAF.
guarding shall protect equipment from damage that may occur during routine floor sweeping and mopping practices.
Where the hydrostatic test and the nondestructive electric test are omitted and the lengths marked with the letters “NH,” the certification, where required, shall clearly state “Not Hydrostatically Tested,” and the letters “NH” shall be ap_x0002_pended to the product specification number and material grade shown on the certification
all quality checks can be switched off bypassed through the hmi (password protected) deactivation of a check must be indicated by the module status lighting (see 2.7).
The CSP_Mid.CBF rack air cooling interface shall be in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to
INFRA
ICD:
1. Airflow direction: racks ingest cool air from the cold aisle at the front of the racks and exhaust hot air from the rear of the racks into the hot aisle.
2. Cool air temperature: ambient air in the cold aisles of the CPF remains between 18 and 27°C for 95% of the time (the recommended range).
3. Cool air temperature rate of change: <= 5°C per hour.
4. Cool air humidity: non-condensing, 5% - 85% relative humidity (RH).
5. Cool air humidity rate of change: <=5% RH per hour, no condensation.
6. Air pressure: local atmospheric pressure +-20%.
The noise diode calibration signal shall be amplitude modulated with either one of the following:
a) A square wave function, with TM configured period and duty cycle, with a period of 10us to 5s and a duty cycle of 10% to 90%, but with minimum dwell time of 5us.
b) A pseudo-random wave function, with TM configured seed and TM configured dwell time of 5us to 5s.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall accept noise diode on/off signaling exclusively from Mid DISHes, in accordance with the DISH to CSP ICD.
norton ghost ñ software for cloning a hard drive (preferred method).
The 'mapChar' element maps from arbitrary character codes or arbitrary character code sequences, including Unicode, to Unicode.
CSP_Mid.CBF racks and equipment shall be in compliance with the South African low voltage installation standards (wiring of premises) SANS 10142-1:2012 Edition 1.8.
DSH shall provide an environmentally protected enclosure inside the Pedestal Shielded Compartment and maintain the internal conditions as defined by DSH Consortium Operating Conditions for equipment located inside the PSC. SADT equipment internal to the pedestal's heat load as defined in 300-000000-026.
The Transient Buffer for CSP_Mid.CBF shall allow for a latency of up to 62 seconds from the Transient Epoch until the Transient Trigger from CSP_Mid.LMC is present on the CSP_Mid.LMC to CSP_Mid.CBF interface.
Visibilities with the same integration time, produced by CSP_Mid.CBF, shall have the same temporal cadence phase (i.e. non-TCI-corrected visibility timestamps are all aligned/"in-step" in time). It is acceptable if this is limited to be for each scan and for each subarray independently.
2 If the purchaser should find that a casting or lot of castings fails to comply with this specification subsequent to receipt at his facility, he shall so notify the manufacturer promptly and in no case later than six weeks after receipt of the shipment, stating clearly his basis for rejection. In case of dissatisfaction with the purchaser’s claim, the manufacturer may apply for a hearing before final rejection of the shipment
 The adjustable pipe stop design shall have fewer moving parts. 
At the option of the purchaser or his representative, a casting of each design ordered may be tested to destruction or otherwise broken up to determine the presence of any manu_x0002_facturing condition that might be detrimental to the service_x0002_ability of the casting
The Dish shall have a continuous accessible elevation range from 15° to 90° inclusive of pointing model corrections, measured relative to local horizon defined as 0° and with Zenith defined as +90°.
If the first test results indicate that a reheat treatment is needed to meet the test requirements, the entire lot of castings and the representative test specimens shall be reheat treated together. Testing shall then be repeated in accordance with 7.4.1 – 7.4.3.
 Each paddle lift shall lower the pipe onto the box end threading inspection station vrollers. 
Each Element supplier shall provide a list of hazardous materials used for all items intended for use in the SKA1 detailing suggested handling precautions, disposal instructions and contra-indications.
Any coil not confirming to the foregoing specifications may be rejected and the manufacturer or distributor notified
all pneumatic lines must be labeled at both ends and should reflect the corresponding valve number in the label.
system will perform a percentage counter of faults (parts not meeting process characteristics) system will automatically stop when two failures occur between 25 pieces or less values must be changeable in operator panel for other variances part failure must be indicated by the module status lighting (see 2.7) intervention by the operator is needed.
The DSH backup monitoring buffer shall be remotely downloadable via TM.
All CSP_Mid.CBF connector plates shall carry identification labels for connectors.
For multiple binary confusion matrices, such as multiple tests using one data set, tests on multiple data sets, or even multi-classification tasks, each combination of two categories corresponds to a confusion matrix. When considering various indicators comprehensively on n binary confusion matrices, one direct method is to calculate the parameters on each confusion matrix, and then calculate the average value. Another option is to average the corresponding elements of various confusion matrices, namely, the average values of TP, FP, TN and FN, and then calculate all parameters again
 Each threading line shall have two high speed threading handling station. 
The base shall be concentric with the disc electrode within .040(1.02 mm).
CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide the following general capabilities to support CSP_Mid.LMC-defined and managed subarraying capability, including engineering subarrays, in accordance with the latest SKA1 CSP LMC to CSP Sub-elements Interface Control Document [SKA-TEL-CSP-0000019]:
1. subarray configuration, including Band changes and Frequency Slice Processor Function Mode changes, does not affect processing, internal communication, or data product output in other subarrays (see Note below).
2. all CSP_Mid.CBF receptor-based processing steps occur independently of each other (i.e. it must not be necessary for any receptor's processing step to "wait" for any other receptor).
3. any particular Frequency Slice Processor Function Mode reconfiguration does not impact any other Frequency Slice Processor's current configuration or continuity of data processing or data output,
4. loss or interruption of signal reception or continuity from any one or more SKA1_Mid receptors can be flagged and does not in any way impact any other receptor's processing or any receptor-vs-receptor processing.
5. any particular SKA1_Mid receptor has only one boresight pointing direction at any given time.
6. any particular SKA1_Mid receptor is a member of only one subarray at any given time,
7. any subbarray is configured for only one Band at any given time and,
8. when a VLBI subarray is simultaneously producing Pulsar Search beams for Transient Search, the subarray phase center is subject to the restrictions of a non-VLBI subarray phase center.
 The operator shall have a local operator pushbutton station to transfer pipe in and indicate completion for pipe transfer out of the box end pipe dope station. 
An arbitrary character code or character code sequence that is specified by the '0x' prefix followed by multiples of two hexadecimal digits whereby each two hexadecimal digits represent a single byte. If a Unicode code point or Unicode code point sequence is used, it should be specified according to ICU's UnicodeSet pattern syntax
to support pick-and-place operations, process gripper jaws must be equipped with chamfers, sufficient to allow for part position tolerances of 0.5 mm in all directions and angular tolerances of up to 2∞ if design constraints do not allow for chamfers, compliance devices must be used.
The sensitivity of a SKA1_Mid dish shall not be less than the following compared to that which is specified in R.M.P.1, at any pointing angle over the elevation range from zenith down to 30° above the horizon, under precision and standard operating conditions, and when calculated as an average over any 1 MHz interval over the specified frequency range in both polarization channels: 75% for SPF band 5a.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall apply CSP_Mid.LMC- provided polarization calibration corrections to each VLBI beam individually, to at least the Frequency Slice frequency resolution (224 MHz), before output.
part failures at processing stations that require offline rework must be placed in a non-conforming material lock box or similar device after the first failure.
Complete wet mixing, lay down, and finishing operations within 2 after adding cement.
Suspend work when windy conditions cause a cement loss.
The Agency will base payment for quicklime upon a 90 percent available lime index calculated
as percent calcium oxide (CaO) by weight.
Fiber Unwinding Speed: Nominal: 457.2 miles per hour (1500 feet per hour).
PIP PCSPS010 Small General Purpose Packaged Equipment Instrumentation Specification.
 The project shall provide two threading line for API pipe product. 
Wire shall be free of kinks and shall be of continuous length; therefore, it shall contain no twisted splices. Welded joints shall be dressed down to wire diameter.
 Engineering drawings shall be submitted for your approval and your review and approval is an important milestone to ensure that the system we provide meets your needs and wants. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall be a data source for one or more VLBI data acquisition systems as defined in the MID CSP to VLBI ICD.
The total per-receptor RMS Tracking Stability Error under Precision Operating Conditions, maintained while tracking a celestial target anywhere within the full performance pointing range over a time interval of 1000 seconds, shall be <= 2.3 arcsec RMS.
downstream full time ñ collective time by shift that a station waits to continue without being faulted due to the downstream being full.
For flux leakage testing, the longitudinal calibration reference notches shall be straight-sided notches machined in a radial plane parallel to the pipe axis. For wall thicknesses under 1⁄2 in. [12.7 mm], outside and inside notches shall be used; for wall thicknesses equal to and above 1⁄2 in. [12.7 mm], only an outside notch shall be used. Notch depth shall not exceed 121⁄2 % of the specified wall thickness, or 0.004 in. [0.1 mm], whichever is greater. Notch length shall not exceed 1 in. [25 mm], and the width shall not exceed the depth. Outside diameter and inside diameter notches shall be located suffi_x0002_ciently apart to allow separation and identification of the signals
The packaging of all line replaceable units (LRUs) shall be labelled, with the following information:
- Item Name (from Config Management System)
- Item Part Number and Version (from Config Management System)
- Item serial number (where applicable) (shall be able to update this for the relevant unit) 
- Packaged weight
- Container stackability (where applicable)
- Preservation date (where applicable)
- Shelf life (where applicable)
- Electronically scannable label (Bar Code), containing all the above information.
The SADT DDBH interface to CSP_Mid.CBF shall be compliant with the Interface ID I.S1M.SADT_CSP.009 section of the MID SADT to CSP ICD.
All Engineering documents and data listed in the Vendor Data Requirements Form including but not limited to the following: Process Instrumentation Diagram.
 When a pipe is detected at the fixed pipe stop the pipe shall automatically be lifted to the next station. 
 The project shall have skid table into and out of each station. 
The Supplier shall design and perform tests in the field with the Purchaserís assistance to evaluate the Supplierís components and system safety, operability, maintainability, performance, and reliability Field tests are to be witnessed and validated by the Purchaser or designee Field tests on components may be completed during assembly as necessary System field tests are to be conducted after assembly is complete.
The Dish Element shall control the pointing position using time stamped Az/El pointing commands received from TM.
The Supplier shall furnish all equipment, controls, data, drawings, etc. defined in the Purchaserís documents and data including, but not limited to, the following major components: Yarn Guides.
punch, crimp, stake and stamp die stations will be constructed of suitable steel for long life as well as for ease of maintenance off the shelf tooling shall be specified when possible from suppliers (see approved equipment vendor list).
 Each bucker station shall have individual vrollers. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall process up to 2 x 2500 MHz per polarization of bandwidth, each dual-polarization 2500 MHz of bandwidth being contiguous RF (sky) data tuned anywhere within the Band 5b band of interest.
 The box end threading inspection station vrollers shall be lowered after the pipe is transferred into the operator station and rests on the radial rollers that way the operator can manually rotate the pipe during threading inspection. 
For all SKAO-defined RFI use cases in all Bands, but strictly
for the case of unflagged visibility spectral channel
samples containing no more than 10% of their power as RFI, when commanded CSP_Mid.CBF shall maintain a net sampled data input-to-visibility output correlation efficiency of greater
than 0.98 on the sky signal of interest within the processed bandwidths for Bands 1, 2, 3, and 4, and at least 0.96 or better for each of Bands 5a and 5b, compared to an ideal CSP_Mid.CBF system with the same inputs. Note: applies to both zoom and non-zoom visibilities.
While the values for yield point and yield strength are not identical, they are sufficiently close for most applications of ferritic malleable irons to be used interchangeably. They may be determined by any of the approved techniques described in the paragraphs on Determination of Yield Strength and Yield Point of Test Methods E8/E8M. If determined as yield strength, that stress producing an extension under load of 0.01 in. [0.25 mm] over the 2 in. [50 mm] gage length (for example, 0.5 % extension) or an offset of 0.2 % shall be taken as the yield stress, which shall be converted to yield strength by dividing by the original cross-sectional area of the gage length found in accordance with 7.3.2. It shall be reported to the nearest 100 psi [MPa]. In referee work, yield strength shall be determined as the stress that produces an extension under load of 0.5 % of the gage length.
 Each of the vrollers on the threading station shall drive the pipe into the self centering vrollers past a proximity sensor that indicates when to decrease transfer speed. 
 Final site acceptance shall not be delayed due to any failure of Welded Tube provided equipment and this includes and is not limited to the CNC threading machines. 
 The pin end end blast station vrollers shall lower the pipe onto the transfer table to gravity roll towards the first lifting station. 
The Supplier shall furnish all equipment, controls, data, drawings, etc. defined in the Purchaserís documents and data including, but not limited to, the following major components: (440) Individual Spindle Tensioning Brakes.
 Each threading line shall have a lift station. 
work area for operators between operations shall be per federal standards for work ergonomics.
Coils of wire shall be shipped in suitable containers providing adequate protection for shipping, storage, and distribution.
Unless otherwise stated in the contract or order, the cleaning, preservation, and packing of castings for shipment shall be in accordance with the manufacturer’s commercial practice. Packaging and marking shall also be adequate to identify the contents and to ensure acceptance and safe delivery by the carrier for the mode of transportation employed.
All components and system shall be visually checked for compliance with drawings, specification, and project documents.
 The commercial software provided with the project shall not be warrantied by the seller and the software manufacturers warranty shall apply. 
Where the Origin Cloud supports OCF Device to Cloud Services this may be triggered by reception of a RETRIEVE to a URI exposed by a Link in the OCF Cloud Resource Directory from an OCF Client.
solenoid valve banks and io banks will be located within reach of controlled air cylinders all valves and io banks will be mounted above the base plate and visible.
 Each pipe shall have its end drifted by the operator after bucking is complete. 
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment shall be compliant with environmental, ecological, safety, political and social legislation with regard to recycling and decomposition.
When commanded, for each subarray, CSP_Mid.CBF shall measure the power of each receptor sample stream separately for the noise diode ON signal condition and the noise diode OFF signal condition, in the currently configured Band, at one or more of any possible accessible channel resolutions, including but not limited to visibility channel resolutions, at any dwell time that is an integer number of channel samples, down to 5 microseconds.
 Each pipe shall be transferred towards the operator by vrollers for manual threading inspection. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall, independently for each subarray and for any given Band, integrate visibilities within the processed bandwidth into separate repetitively-accumulated temporal phase bins and provide up to 1024 (TBC) such bins, with 4 choices of visibility spectral channel widths covering the range from 1 to 1024 times the standard wideband visibility channel width, allowing a programmable tradeoff between the pulsar period, number of phase bins (1, 2, 3, ..., 1024), spectral channel bandwidth (any of the selectable 4), and bin dwell time.
If the percentage of elongation of any tension test specimen is less than that given in Table 1 and any part of the fracture is more than 3⁄4 in. [19 mm] from the center of the gauge length of a 2-in. [50-mm] specimen as indicated by scribe scratches marked on the specimen before testing, a retest shall be allowed. If a specimen breaks in an inside or outside surface flaw, a retest shall be allowed.
two pallet before all other stations.
The carbon equivalent (CE), based upon heat analysis, shall not exceed 0.43 % if the specified wall thickness is equal to or less than 1 in. [25.4 mm] or 0.45 % if the specified wall thickness is greater than 1 in. [25.4 mm]
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall re-configure the center frequency and sampled bandwidth of any one or more VLBI beam-channels in less than 25 seconds.
Downstream from all shutoff valves for vacuum relief.
CSP_Mid.CBF LRU equipment with electrostatic sensitive components shall be fitted with ESD warning labels.
 Each of the box end threading inspection station vrollers shall transfer pipe towards the operator for manual inspection. 
machine base shall be constructed from durable metric aluminum extrusion profiles compatible with bosch extrusions dynamical applications like robots, presses and other heavy motion devices will be mounted with steel framework to support the type of process being built.
 Each lift station fixed pipe stop shall be constructed of a thick heavy duty urethane cover with steel under lament for rigidness. 
Construction shall be such as to insure that the vibration from the pump discharge pipe is not carried to the stand
 The vrollers shall be cast of urethane to eliminate pipe marking and shall have bearings on either side. 
Grade the roadbed surface to the specified lines, grades, and cross
sections. Dispose of excess material as specified in Subsection 201.3.
DSH shall distribute power to all DSH subsystems and to SaDT equipment installed in the Pedestal.
 Each threading line shall have a box end high speed threading station. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall process data from SKA1_Mid receptors with separations as large as 160 km.
 Each pipe shall be passed through the alignment rollers and the CNC chuck and is transferred into the CNC machine at high speed. 
The creel loader aisle ways shall be minimum 1500 mm (60 inches) wide (Aisle width requirement for operator lift to be confirmed).
 When a pipe is detected at the fixed pipe stop and the box end drift and threading protector station is empty the pipe shall be automatically loaded. 
When commanded, for each subarray CSP_Mid.CBF shall apply CSP_Mid.LMC-provided Doppler phase models to the Frequency Slice bandwidth within Correlation or VLBI Function Mode Frequency Slice Processors with:
1. maximum 4 (TBC) double-precision coefficients (i.e. 3rd order), valid for 10 seconds (TBC) and subsequently updated every 10 seconds,
2. the model applied aligned to the reference 1-PPS epoch,
3. maximum phase rate and derivatives corresponding to subarray topocenter Doppler correction to the barycenter (TBC),
4. the same model applied to all receptors in a particular subarray.
Rubber-gasket pipe shall not be placed with the joints rammed together so tight that longitudinal compression develops from wetting expansion of the pipe. If in doubt about any particular joint design, the end of the spigot shall be pulled back from the shoulder of the bell a distance not exceeding approximately 1.5 mm (0.06 in.)
Over the elevation range from zenith down to 30° above the horizon, under precision and standard operating conditions, each SKA1_Mid dish shall achieve Dish sensitivity
exceeding a line interpolated linearly between 2.1 m2/K at 350 MHz, 4.2 m2/K at 650 MHz and 4.2 m2/K at 1050 MHz in both polarization channels over SPF band 1.
tsnPpMmIdMsduMaskMaxLength is a read-only variable defined for each port the Mask-and-match Stream identification function is to be run on. It defines the maximum length a mac_service_data_unit mask can have. It is an integer value, in octets, with a minimum value of 2 and a maximum value of 1984 (maximum ISS mac_service_data_unit length for an IEEE 802.3 frame)
Under precision and standard operating conditions, each SKA1_Mid dish shall achieve
Dish sensitivity (averaged) of at least 7.0 m2/K in both polarization channels over SPF band 2.
At a design point downstream from where there is opportunity for air entrainment and inadequate opportunity for escape of that air
Electronic equipment shall be safe and withstand, without damage or degradation or additional maintenance tasks, the presence of condensation. Degraded functionality and performance will be allowed directly after start-up until such time that the condensation has evaporated.
equipment shall recover from fault situations and emergency stop situations automatically when a reset sequence is requested from the hmi total time from request to ready shall not exceed 20 seconds.
When integrating visibilities into temporal phase bins, CSP_Mid.CBF shall acquire all bins with at least 90% (TBC) correlation efficiency.
Repairable items shall be designed to include maintenance provisions such as test points, accessibility, and plug-in components.
For each subarray and across configuration changes, including Band changes, power cycles, resets, and fault
recoveries, CSP_Mid.CBF shall consistently and
deterministically timestamp visibilities with respect to the best representation of telescope reference time available to CSP, with timestamp according to the MID SDP to CSP Interface Control Document [300-000000-002], and with an RMS error less than the output TCI time resolution or the inverse of the visibility channel resolution, whichever is larger and applicable.
 Each pipe shall be transferred by walking beam from the adjustable pipe stop to the vrollers in the box end threading station. 
 The project warranty shall not include installation labor transportation expense shipping or travel charges. 
 Warranty shall not include installation labor transportation expense shipping or travel charges. 
 The box end end blast station vrollers shall lower after the pipe is trasferred into the box end end blast station and the pipe shall rest on the radial rollers. 
Spindle design shall allow bobbin unwinding in the clockwise direction when viewed from the non-bearing end.
 Each station shall be able to accomodate casing length of API Range Three from thirty four feet to forty eight feet. 
supplier shall provide non-conforming check masters for all automatic product inspection stations (upper and low limit) this includes inline and end of line testing stations stations shall have storage location for check masters.
 Each box end pipe dope station shall have a fixed pipe stop. 
The Supplier's equipment and system shall be designed for maximum personnel safety including, but not limited to, the following: Ability to lubricate components and equipment with out the removal of guards.
Sampling procedures and the frequency of hardness testing shall be fully detailed on the purchase agreement. Otherwise, hardness tests shall be performed at the discretion of the producer.
 There shall be Project Management. 
 Each pipe shall pass a proximity sensor for reference position and a preloaded cam follower with an encoder or something similar shall measure the additional travel required by the pipe to be positioned within tolerance for threading. 
The center frame section shall have two (2) rows of spindles, one (1) right hand and one (1) left hand orientation The outside sections shall be a single row of spindles, one left hand and one right hand orientation The spindle loading ends shall face the aisle way between frame sections and each other.
The TM shall provide “tunnelling” capability to facilitate remote software and firmware upgrades.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall accept and interpret data from SKA1 Mid DISHes according to the protocol defined in the DISH to CSP ICD.
seal rings are to be used where junction knock - outs for wiring are made.
manual loading of components into fixtures is only permitted when the fixturing ensures orientation, position and alignment.
 The operator shall have a local operator pushbutton station to transfer pipe in and indicate completion for pipe transfer out of the bucker station. 
 The project shall incorporate a pipe stop. 
at all times, if feasible, all equipment shall be designed around ergonomic guidelines for improved operator comfort and performance, constructed using industry workmanship standards for operator ergonomics.
The DSH shall stow automatically if there is a breakdown in communication between the DSH and TM for a period longer than 5 minutes.
While tracking at nominal tracking rates over the accessible elevation range, the Dish shall be capable of executing a 10° step in either mount axis or combined, in less than 12 seconds (TBC).
supplier will provide setup tools and jigs to eliminate measurements or debugging after change out tooling or fixtures are installed.
CSP_Mid.CBF power draw rate of change shall be less than 20% of the maximum power draw averaged over a one second interval (TBC) during startup and mode transitions in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
DSH, when in the OPERATE mode, shall report the following Pointing States to TM: 
a) READY
b) TRACK
c) SLEW
d) SCAN (TBC)
All openings into nonrubber-gasket pipelines shall be covered or closed to prevent air circulation, except while work is actually in progress, and shall be kept closed until the pipeline is completed and is to be filled with water
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall apply a CSP_Mid.LMC-provided per-receptor, per-beam polarization calibration correction to each Frequency Slice independently, prior to VLBI beamforming.
all safety doors must be mechanically interlocked during automatic cycle utilizing certified safety components (see approved equipment vendor list).
When commanded, independently for each subarray and for each Frequency Slice Processor configured for the Correlation function, CSP_Mid.CBF shall generate non-zoom or zoom visibilities, at any commanded Zoom Window processed bandwidth, without restricting such choices for other subarrays within the same or different Frequency Slice Processors.
Shafting design shall be based on the Endurance Limit as applied with the Maximum Shear Theory of Failure for Fluctuating Loads.
The DISH shall be able to communicate with TM for a period of up to 5 minutes after a supply power outage.
The DSH Element Lightning Protection System shall intercept the lighting flash in accordance to IEC62305 LPL III.
Once a SKA1_Mid feed is at full performance it shall require no more than TBD minutes to return to full performance after being completely "off" for up to 10 minutes.
All CSP_Mid.CBF client devices and applications that require synchronized telescope network time shall comply with the Network Time Protocol version 4 standard, RFC 5905.
The total per-receptor Relative Pointing Error Circle diameter under Standard Operating Conditions, between any two points within the full performance pointing range that are separated by up to 10° great circle distance and measured within a time interval of 100 seconds, shall be <= 13 arcsec.
access under the equipment will have a minimum of 1.0 foot clearance from the floor to any wire way or main wiring and or enclosures equipment to allow for quick and effective cleaning under the equipment (does not include equipment bolted to the floor such as robotic bases or structural footing).
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide the following status information to CSP_Mid.LMC:
(a) internal temperature;
(b) voltage;
(c) power;
(d) cooling mechanism status;
(e) communication path status;
(f) device configuration status;
(g) state counts for samples received from receptors: as a minimum, developed from single-shot data capture of at least 1 million contiguous samples, at least every 30 s, for every receptor- digitized sampled data stream.
(h) power after re-quantizer (as collected by the correlator); and
(i) wideband auto- and cross-hand correlations from any or all SKA1_Mid receptor digitized sample data streams with:
1. at least 1024 spectral channels across the digitized bandwidth of each stream,
2. channel response characteristics at least as good as those from a simple lag correlator after Hanning smoothing,
3. as a minimum developed from single-shot data capture of at least 1 million contiguous samples, at least every 30 s, for every receptor-digitized sampled data stream.
The interface between CSP_Mid.CBF and VLBI shall be compliant with the MID CSP to VLBI Interface Control Document [300- 000000-032].
aluminum structure will be clear coat anodized.
The sensitivity of a SKA1_Mid dish shall not be less than the following compared to that which is specified in R.M.P.1, at any pointing angle over the elevation range from zenith down to 30° above the horizon, under precision and standard operating conditions, and when calculated as an average over any 1 MHz interval over the specified frequency range in both polarization channels: 70% for SPF band 5b.
Packaging for Spare LRU’s and SRU’s shall be provided by the supplier of the LRU’s and SRU’s.
all equipment systems will assume product is assumedÇ badí until provenÇ goodí.
CSP_Mid.CBF shall provide equipment handles and stand-offs to facilitate the installation and handling and to mitigate damage of the equipment during out-of-system repair.
As part of the Manufacturing Data Pack, Design Data shall be provided as part of the Manufacturing Data Pack. Design Data is considered to be Requirement Specifications, Architecture Description Documents, Interface Control Documents, Qualification Test Procedures and Results and Acceptance Test Procedures and Results.
All welds shall be continuous and ground smooth but not necessarily flush All weld splatter shall be removed.
bowls should be constructed with backpressure relief where possible if parts in the bowl do not allow for this technique, a set of high low sensors located in the discharge track should be used.
CSP_Mid.CBF racks shall provide at least one ESD grounding connection point in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
 Each threading line shall have a pin end threading inspection station. 
Each VLBI beam-channel produced by CSP_Mid.CBF shall have a temporal impulse response that is no worse (i.e., temporally broader) than the inverse Fourier Transform of that beam- channel's frequency response.
four pallet before and after all manual stations.
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall accept and appropriately act on saturation (clipping) data flagging from Mid DISHes, in accordance with the DISH to CSP ICD.
 No adjustment shall be necessary at the lift station for pipe outer diameter. 
 The project warranty shall cover design. 
input wait time ñ collective time by shift that a station waits without being faulted for parts from a station upstream.
The physical projected diameter of the main reflector shall be 15 [+0.00,+1.50]m.
Fiber Unwinding Tension: 400 grams ñ 1500 grams.
If the algorithm exports two or more non-mutually exclusive (intersect) categories or states, it can be divided into multiple binary categories to form a confusion matrix (shown in Table A.2, “negative” and “positive” are defined according to product functional characteristics) for evaluation.
American Institute of Steel Construction (AISC).
While tracking at rates up to 1°/s in Azimuth and 0.5°/s in Elevation, the Dish shall report pointing sensor values with sufficient resolution to permit the beam boresight direction to be estimated to within the tracking error of R.D.P.6, R.D.P.35 & R.D.P.36 (TBC).
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment connected to the CPF electrical network shall be compliant with the IEC 61000-3-2 standard or equivalent for Harmonic Current Emissions under standard test conditions and setups in accordance with the latest approved version of the MID CSP to INFRA ICD.
 When a pipe is detected at the fixed pipe stop and the box end end blast station is empty the pipe shall be automatically loaded. 
For any CSP_Mid.CBF VLBI beam-channel, and for an RFI-free (i.e. spectrally flat, broadband) input, the beamformed bandwidth shall have a frequency response which:
1. has a phase varying by no more than 0.05 radians peak- to-peak,
2. has an amplitude varying by no more than 0.1 dB peak-to- peak,
3. has a spectral confusion of no more than -30 dB in amplitude and 0.01 radians peak-to-peak in phase,
4. for a spectrally flat broadband input to the beamformer, the peak-to-peak variation in signal-to-noise ratio across the beamformed bandwidth, for any output word size, is no more than 2% and,
5. has an out-of-beamformed bandwidth stop-band of -60 dB or better anywhere further than a beam-channel sampled bandwidth away from the beam-channel center frequency.
The DSH shall report detected failures, and identification of the source of the failure in the DSH product breakdown structure, based on the FMECA analysis. Where applicable, faulty Line Replaceable Units (LRUs) shall be identified.
The SKA1_Mid dishes shall be capable of maintaining all SPF feeds and receivers in the fully powered up state for extended durations.
 Each pipe shall be transferred into the bucker station by vrollers. 
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment shall operate in a locally fail-safe manner and not rely on external safety devices or measures to operate safely.
DSH equipment shall be designed in compliance with national and State regulations including SANS 10160-4 seismic events resulting in a maximum peak ground acceleration of 1 m/s2.
DSH shall receive the following mode control commands from TM: 
a) STANDBY_LP
b) STANDBY_FP
c) STOW
d) MAINTENANCE
e) CONFIGURE BAND X
f) OPERATE
g) Go to LP state (while in STOW or MAINTENANCE)
For each Pulsar Timing beam formed with CSP_Mid.CBF, the total aliased power in the total beamforming bandwidth of
the beam, in the absence of RFI, shall be less than -60 dB.
 Each bucker station paddle shall lower the pipe onto the bucker station vrollers. 
For each sub-band of bands 5a and 5b the SKA1_Mid digitised bandwidth shall be sufficient to unambiguously represent signals from any 2.5 GHz contiguous interval in the band's specified input frequency range.
 Each lift station shall have a lifting mechanism. 
 Each paddle lift shall be raised and lowered using a clevis mounted air cylinder with the available option of a ball screw actuator driven by an electric motor. 
 The AEC shall also include one week of onsite production assistance including one AEC technician onsite to train operators on the job. 
 Welded Tube shall be responsible for the supply installation configuration startup and commissioning of all entry and exit vrollers conveyors escapement mechanisms and AEC shall work with Welded Tube to verify handshaking signals between conveyors and AEC equipment. 
specialty tools for alignment, work, changeover, or set up will be provided along with replacement information from the source vendor or detailed drawings of the replacement tools.
The term “commercial castings” does not cover castings requiring special fixtures for gaging, or finishing castings by grinding to special tolerance gages beyond the normal requirements as listed in Table S51.1.
The new Line 3 Creel assemblies and components shall be designed for installation within boundary limits of approximately 73 feet long by 33 feet wide This designated installation area is for the Creel assembly The Supplier shall furnish a drawing(s) illustrating equipment layout with the Supplierís proposal overlaid on Toho Tenax General Arrangement drawing No. 1330-0601, Rev. 2.
 Each threading line shall have a box end threading inspection station. 
 The risk to the project to you and to the AEC shall be assessed. 
All SKA1 Dish “off-the-shelf” equipment shall possess as a minimum the host country EMC marking.
When commanded and processing data from Band 4, CSP_Mid.CBF shall accept dual polarization digitized data from each SKA1_Mid receptor at a sample rate of 5.94+k*3/2*delta_f/1e9 Gsamples/sec, with the RF (sky) band of interest present in the digitized signal from 0.295 to 2.675 GHz, with the same frequency sense as RF, with sky center frequency of 3.99 GHz, and with a net down-conversion frequency of 2.505 GHz.
Where: k=positive integer defined for each receptor by CSP_Mid.LMC, delta_f=1800 Hz, and k*3/2*delta_f does not exceed 4 MHz.
no process shall require ëoperator vigilanceí to ensure stability and capability.
 The vrollers of the bucker station shall transfer the pipe towards the operator for manual inspection. 
all measuring devices and sensors will be self checking to prevent assembly errors or equipment crashes due to a device or sensor failure via: ¯ ëstuck sensorí error required to notify a missed sensor change of state (off on) ¯ ëover timeí error required to notify an excessive actuator travel time.
 Each box end end blast station shall have individual vrollers. 
 The operator shall have local control to transfer pipe in and out of each station. 
The systems designed and/or installed under this Standard shall utilize pipe conforming to one or more of the following types of nonreinforced concrete irrigation pipe.
The TM shall send pointing commands, as a polynomial of higher order Pointing Coordinate Sets, to the DSH Dish.
The Supplier shall furnish lifting lug details and calculations for the Purchaserís review and approval.
The 960 m (3150 ft) coil shall be shipped two in a carton which shall be marked as follows: Package No. 3150 ASAE Standard Baling Wire (2 coils), 141/2 gage, 960 m (3150 ft) minimum per coil
automatic feeding systems (e.g. bowl feeders) will be delivered with 20% unused capacity to accommodate future capacity improvements.
automatic run time ñ collective time by shift that the machine runs in automatic jog mode without waiting for the upstream or the downstream.
 The project shall incorporate local operator station. 
part failures at testing stations must be placed by an automatic device in a non-conforming material lock box or similar device after the third consecutive failure.
CSP_Mid.CBF "off-the-shelf" LRU equipment shall as a minimum be CISPR 22 and 24 Class A or equivalent compliant over the SKA telescope frequency range.
Where the Origin Cloud supports OCF Device to Cloud Services a request to this API may be triggered by reception of an UPDATE to a URI exposed by a Link in the OCF Cloud Resource Directory from an OCF Client.
Concrete box stands with vertical sides suitably reinforced to withstand handling and installation, and operating stresses.
When commanded to produce phase-binned visibilities, CSP_Mid.CBF shall evaluate and apply a CSP_Mid.LMC-provided temporal-domain model polynomial with up to 7 coefficients in such a manner that:
1. the instantaneous temporal bin width error with respect to the polynomial-calculated bin width at that time is to the accuracy that the visibility channel width allows; and
2. any long-term drift between the applied temporal binning and the best possible evaluation of the polynomial, is solely due to numerical precision of the polynomial itself, and not to any other CSP_Mid.CBF systematic effect.
Scarify the roadbed, including shoulders, to the specified depth and width. Pulverize the scari-
fied material so that a minimum of 95 percent, excluding gravel or stone, passes a 2-in. (50-mm)
sieve.
The SKA1_Mid dish, under Standard and Degraded Operating Conditions and when terminated on Cold sky, shall have a wide band gain stability of <= 3 % RMS over time scales of 5 seconds up to 5 minutes.
The Supplier shall furnish all equipment, controls, data, drawings, etc. defined in the Purchaserís documents and data including, but not limited to, the following major components: Yarn Rollers.
At the manufacturer’s option, castings may be reheat treated and retested. When castings are reheat treated, they may not be re-austenitized more than three times without the approval of the purchaser. Testing after reheat treatment shall consist of the full number of specimens taken from locations complying with the specification or order
all process equipment shall operate in a process band of 30% - 80% of rated capacity this means a pressing operating expected to operate between 450 n and 800 n must have a capacity (maximum usable force) between 1.0000 n and 1.0500 n process equipment includes nut runners, presses, resistance welders, vibratory welders, spin welders, test equipment, monitoring equipment, etc. exception - laser resonators that shall operate in a process band of 35% - 65% of rated capacity.
For a broad-band noise input with no RFI, the
maximum total noise leakage into CSP_Mid.CBF Zoom Window visibilities, from frequencies outside the Zoom Window processed bandwidth, shall be less than -60 dB.
CSP_Mid.CBF racks and equipment shall survive and be fully operational after seismic events resulting in a maximum peak ground acceleration of 1 m/s^2.
 Each threading line shall have thirteen transfer table. 
 After the pipe returns from inspection the vrollers shall automatically drop to allow the pipe to roll to the next station. 
 The safety health and ergonomic risk shall be assessed and mitigation steps shall be developed. 
When commanded, CSP_Mid.CBF shall, for each subarray independently, tune the center frequency of Frequency Slices for Bands 1, 2, 3, and 4 over a range of at least +/-1/2 of a Frequency Slice bandwidth within the received Band, with tuning resolution of at least 0.01 MHz.
The dish element shall achieve full performance as specified for pointing and tracking, over the full performance pointing range with elevation rates ranging from 0 up to 0.08 deg/sec.
 Each bucker station frame shall be contructed of welded structural members. 
A separate contract shall be issued by the Purchaser for field services Field services to be furnished shall include, but shall not be limited to supervision of labor and material to receive, unload and set, align, shim, and mechanically install the equipment on the Purchaserís foundation(s).
Spindle design shall incorporate a means to lock bobbin spools in place during unwinding operation Self-locking core chuck or similar design shall be used to allow freedom of movement when loading and unloading bobbins without requiring manual locking or releasing.
Requirements for maintenance & storage facilities at all levels of repair shall be identified through an LSA process using modelling/simulation.
The DSH shall support the following status reporting models:
a) On request (as response to a command),
b) Periodically (for monitoring points like temperature, voltage),
c) On change, optionally with a minimumand maximum time period (for status changes and events).
CSP_Mid.CBF shall require less than 18 Direct Maintenance Hours (DMH) per month at the Organizational Level (O-Level).
 The adjustable pipe stop design shall be manually actuated through a screw mechanism with the available option of motor driven automatically adjustable stop control. 
Stoppage and horizontal joints for cast-in-place pipelines shall conform to the requirements of ACI Standard 346, Specifications for Cast-in-Place Nonreinforced Concrete Pipe. Connection joints shall be prepared by cleaning and freeing of loose or defective concrete, coatings, and foreign material. The contact faces of the pipe and fittings shall be wetted and the fitting mortared into place using bonding mortar as specified in the above-referenced standard.
the standard concept for transfer systems is in-line without transfer lifts (counterclockwise) each station shall run independent from the others single part is processed operation is from one side and material flow by roller conveyors flow (asynchronous) a station is a line location where a racks from the other side direct to the operation zone details and other concepts (e.g. dials) will be discussed during the quote and design phase.
 Each lift station lifting mechanism shall have an electric cylinder that actuates a lever to raise and lower the lifting arm. 
 Each threading line shall have a box end dope application station. 
In cases where special handling is required to prevent damage to Items (e.g. electrostatic discharge), such items shall be clearly marked with warning labels.
 Quoted delivery shall be contingent upon but not limited to receipt of sample parts part drawings reference drawings technical information and receipt of prior orders. 
 Pipe shall be indexed into the threading station with a paddle lift mechanism off of an adjustable pipe stop similar to other stations. 
Items used within the CSP_Mid.CBF shall be marked with a unique Electronically readable or scannable ID, in accordance with the SKA Logistic Analysis Plan and Configuration Plan. The ID may be serial number or part number or both or in some cases this may not be needed.
 Design Verification shall be performed before any parts are fabricated. 
 The project shall incorporate hold down clamp rollers that shall extend from the side to hold the pipe during threading if necessary. 
alternate solutions may be acceptable after review and approval by pierburg inc. .
Emergency stop switches shall be located in such a way to minimize the risk of injury.
Where items used in CSP_Mid.CBF require labelling, the method of marking shall be compliant with the SKA Logistic Analysis Plan. The nature of the item, its environment and its use will determine the method.
As an alternative to the hydrostatic test at the option of the manufacturer or where specified in the purchase order as an alternative or addition to the hydrostatic test, the full body of each pipe shall be tested with a nondestructive electric test in accordance with Practice E213, E309, or E570. In such cases, the marking of each length of pipe so furnished shall include the letters “NDE.” It is the intent of this nondestructive electric test to reject pipe with imperfections that produce test signals equal to or greater than that produced by the applicable calibration standard.
 The project warranty shall cover hardware. 
The total per-receptor Tracking Stability Error Circle diameter under Degraded Operating Conditions, maintained while tracking a celestial target anywhere within the full performance pointing range over a time interval of 1000 seconds, shall be <= 36 arcsec.
When commanded, within each Frequency Slice Processor configured for VLBI and for each VLBI subarray independently, CSP_Mid.CBF shall simultaneously produce up to at least two and ideally four, dual polarization VLBI beams, each with an independent delay center on the sky.
 The bucker station vrollers shall lower and allow each pipe to gravity roll towards the next station. 
 FAT criteria shall consist of equipment constructed according to approved drawings. 
 The box end drift and threading protector station vrollers shall then return to the up position and shall be prepared to accept the next pipe. 
CSP_Mid.CBF shall monitor its operational state at all times and report the information upon request.
The frerCpsSeqRcvyTaglessPackets counter is incremented once for each packet received by the VectorRecoveryAlgorithm (7.4.3.4) or the MatchRecoveryAlgorithm (7.4.3.5) that has no sequence_number subparameter (item b in 6.1).
 Any modification repair or alteration of products including but not limited to the upgrade of software or firmware of any individual part of or interface to the Products except by the Seller shall invalidate any warranty for the Products in whole or part. 
 Each pipe shall gravity roll to the fixed stop at the second lifting station. 
A 200 response shall be provided in a success case. The payload shall contain information for the requested Device.
a bus system will be used from plcís to remote racks for equipment operation.
 Each transfer table shall be constructed of welded two inch by six inch structural tubing with quarter inch walls. 
DSH shall provide a secure environment for all equipment that is located inside the pedestal.
When the size of the casting permits, each casting shall bear the identifying mark of the manufacturer and the part or pattern number at a location shown on the covering drawing and, if not shown on the drawing, at such a location at the discretion of the producer that the identification will not interfere with subsequent processing and service of the casting
 The pipe shall gravity roll to the fixed pipe stop at the box end end blast station. 
Sprinkle the surface of the completed OGPCCB with a fine spray of water
every 2 for a period of 8 h. Begin curing the morning after the base has been placed.
 Each pipe shall gravity roll on the transfer table towards the box end drift and threading protector station. 
DSH, when in MAINTENANCE mode, shall stow the dish and set the equipment in a state that is safe to work on.
The DSH shall report alarms for conditions and failures that:
a) pose hazards to equipment or personnel, or
b) reduce the effectiveness of DSH to perform its prime functions or provide capabilities.
All structural frames shall be fabricated in accordance with AISC specifications and other applicable codes and standards as listed in Section 3.0, titled ìIndustry Codes and Standardsî The design of structural components shall be under the direct supervision of a registered professional engineer experienced in the design of this type of equipment.
vents and dirt discharge ports are required to eliminate dirt and foreign particles from reaching escapement.
 The box end end blast station vrollers shall lower the pipe onto the transfer table to gravity roll towards the first lifting station. 
all sensors and devices will be pnp type.
CSP_Mid.CBF equipment that would otherwise present a safety hazard when subjected to an unplanned loss of main electrical power or main control function, shall enter a designated fail safe state.
The ergonomic design shall be compliant with MIL-STD-1472G.
At the purchaser’s discretion, pipe shall be subjected to rejection if surface imperfections acceptable under 18.2 are not scattered, but appear over a large area in excess of what is considered a workmanlike finish. Disposition of such pipe shall be a matter of agreement between the manufacturer and the purchaser
 Each pipe shall be automatically retracted by the high speed transfer table. 
